[Door opening]
 
Hi darling, how was your day at the embassy? 
 
...
 
That's nice, let me get your coat and sniff your hair, sweety! 
 
[sniffing]
 
Actually I did something productive too, today. 
 
[footsteps]
 
I wrote a new script!
 
I know, I'm so creative! 
 
Oh, how I do it every single day? 
 
I look up some ASMR scripts on Reddit. Some suckers post them there free for all to use...
 
...then I change it a bit. [keyboard clacking] I'm searching and replacing all "spoons" with... uh... "forks" for example...
 
...I'll tell them "the script is all mine" and nobody will know, sweaty!
 
Oh, poppycock! If someone comments on it, I'll delete the comment. 
 
And my twitter DMs are closed. 
 
Sit down, I cooked a television meal for the occasion. Don't worry about the reddit people!
 
It's chicken soup with gorgonzola and shrimps. 
 
Here, take a fork.
 
Take a bite! 
 
There you go. 
 
Let me comb your hair, while you are eating. 
 
[binaural hair combing sounds interjected with creepy sniffing]
 
What? You call it stealing? 
 
You might say it's unethical, but it's the internet so it doesn't really count. 
 
[sad] And after all, I didn't have it easy in life!
 
I didn't grow up with a silver fork in my mouth!
 
... [wimpers]
 
It's ok, it's ok, gorgeous. I don't want to burden you with my tragic but sexy upbringing!
 
It's ok.
 
[under the breath like Jim Carrey would whisper when annoyed] It's Okay!
 
What do you want to watch tonight?  
 
[binaural magazine browsing] There is a movie with Rheese Whitersfork on... Legally Blonde 3, the reckoning. Apparently shits gone real for Elle Woods. She is trapped in a building with terrorists.
 
Hm. Yeah might be to aggravating after your hard day arguing with the delegate of Sinovia.
 
Should we instead listen to an LP? I got some new vintage vinyl from the picturesque record shop in carpenter street!
 
What it is? The name of the record is "Summer in the city". 
 
Oh... it's by a 60s prog rock band called... The lovin' Forkfull.
 
...
 
Oh, I'm sorry. You have a headache? You should lie down! 
 
Let's go to bed. 
 
One thing honey: 
 
Do you want to be big fork or little fork tonight? 
 
 
[Editors note: A previous version of this script had the vinyl LP be "Odgens nut gone" which was really named "Odgens nut gone flake" and was by the small faces. The lovin' spoonful did "Summer in the city"  and "do you believe in magic". Which is tragic because "Odgens nut gone flake" is objectively the funnier name for an album.]