 
And here we go, two ice cream sundaes. No, don’t worry about it. Paying is the least I can do after asking you to come watch me practice. Especially since you didn’t exactly see me at my best.”
 
Yeah, sorry, guess I was a bit…distracted today. N-no no, it wasn’t your fault, really. I was probably just having an off day is all.”
 
 
Sorry, I’m just complaining aren’t I? You don’t think so? Haha, well that’s a relief. Thanks for understanding. Last thing I’d want is to cause you any problems too.”
 
 
 
Hm? Oh, it’s nothing. Just got a text from one of the guys. Nah, it’s probably nothing important. If it was, they would’ve called me, so I’ll just check it later.”
 
So…I was thinking, this weekend, maybe we can do something…special. You know, since we’re getting close to the three week mark and everything.”
 
Well, my parents just left for a week long work trip today, so I’ll have the house all to myself this weekend. And since they’re gone, I was thinking, maybe you could, you know, come and…spend the night this Saturday?”
 
A-and before you freak out or anything, I-I just mean we can spend the whole day together before we both sleep at my place! I-I can even sleep on the floor while you take my bed if that makes you feel better!”
 
So…what do you think? Does that…sound ok?”
 
You like it? Well, great, that’s great! Ok, then, how about this? Maybe after meeting up for lunch somewhere, we can head back over to my place. I have a lot of games for us to play, and there’s a new movie on Netflix we can watch too.”
 
Awesome. I’m glad we have a plan then. I’m really looking forward to it…And I’m guessing you are too considering that messy smile you have. Haha, you’re fine, you’re fine.”
 
 
Here, let me help. Guess that’s what happens when you eat ice cream that fast, huh. Just be glad you didn’t get a brain freeze or anything.”
 
And there, all cleaned up. Forget about it, it was no big deal. Just figured I couldn’t let you walk home like that, right?”
 
No, I think I’ll stick around here for a few more minutes. No, no, it’s fine, really, I still have about half my ice cream left to finish anyway. But feel free to call or text me when you get home, ok?”
 
Yeah, this was fun. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
 
 
 
They just have to keep reminding it’s the last week of the bet don’t they?…Whatever, I’ll just deal with them later.”
 
 
I told you, it’s fine. It’s only a small duffle bag, so carrying it isn’t a problem. And after all, you did pay for lunch, so it’s the least I can do. And thanks for that, by the way. You can never go wrong with fast food, can you?”
 
Still though, I’m excited for tonight. You’ve never seen my house before, right? Well, I think you’ll like it. It’s a little bigger than your place, but it should be fine. And don’t worry, I made sure to clean up too, so there shouldn’t be any big messes or anything.”
 
Ah, there it is, just at the corner. What, I told you it was bigger than your place. Oh come on, calling it a mansion is a bit much.”
 
Well, I guess my parents have pretty good paying jobs. My mom’s a writer while my dad’s a graphic designer. They actually met because he helped her make a cover for one of her first books.”
 
Y-yeah, you could definitely….meet them someday. A-anyway, we should probably get inside. Gotta get you settled in for the night, right?”
 
 
And home sweet home. So, what do you think? Haha, well I’m glad you like it, even if you think it’s way too big.” 
 
Anyway, I’ll take your bag up to my room. Would you mind holding my phone and stuff real quick? Thanks.”
 
 
And I’m back. Thanks for holding everything…Um, you ok? You look…a bit confused about something.”
 
Oh, I got a text? From who?…O-one of my friends?  I-I see. So, um, w-what exactly did it say?…’Good luck with the…final date’?”
 
 
They’re all just so sure you’ll dump me after the three week mark, so they just love making jokes like in that text, you know?”
 
…Um, I’m sorry if you got worried or anything. I-I can talk to them about it if it bothers you.”
 
No? Are you sure?…Well, ok then. Still, I…apologize for them. But, a-anyway, how about we play some games before dinner? I have plenty of games for the Xbox and Switch. Haha, yes, including the new one I got last week.”
 
 
Gah, darn it, lost again! How does this keep happening?! Are some kind of gaming expert and didn’t tell me? Yeah, sure, beginner’s luck. Maybe the first three times.”
 
Haha, ok, ok, I’ll stop complaining. And anyway, that was still a lot of fun. I can never just invite the guys over to play like this. They’d probably just make fun of me and make it into a dumb competition. I know, I know, it’s just a stupid guy thing. Guess I can’t fault them for that.”
 
 
Oh, perfect timing. Mind grabbing two plates? I’ll be right back with the food.”
 
 
And dinner is served. Hope you don’t mind, I ordered the pizza with olives, mushrooms, and pepperonis on it.”
 
Haha, ok, ok, I’ll take the olives and mushrooms you pick off. Can’t have them go to waste now can we. But you at least gotta eat the crust. Haha, good, we have a deal then.”
 
 
And that’s the last of the dishes. And thanks for throwing out the pizza box. So…would you like to come up to my room? I-I mean, if you’re ready to go to sleep everything. W-we can stay up longer if you want.”
 
Th-then just follow me.”
 
 
So…this is my room. Y-yeah, sorry, I guess I left it kind of messy. B-but anyway, like I said earlier, y-you can take the bed if you want. I-I can just sleep on the floor. I have a sleeping bag ready and everything.”
 
Well, ok, good. Guess with that settled, we just need to get ready for bed. A-and you can let me know when you need to changed. I-I can just wait in the hall.”
 
 
So, you ready for bed then? All nice and cozy? Haha, well sleep tight then. Let me know if you need anything.”
 
 
Hm, what? What’s up, is something wrong?…You’re cold? Um, ok, I can go get you an extra blanket or something.”
 
 
 
 
…Um, so…Wh-what should I…do here?”
 
Just lay down and…put my arm around your waist? Um, o-ok.”
 
 
L-like this?…Y-yeah? O-ok, good. That’s good….This…this is nice. Can I…hold you closer? You’re just…real warm.”
 
…Thank you, for being here with me. I wish…we could stay like this. Haha, I know, just another weird thing I wanted to say. But…just know, I really mean it.”
 
 
 
 
Yeah, I’m nearly at the school now. Sorry for not being able to walk you there today, apparently my friends need to talk to me about something and they only told me so just this morning.”
 
Yeah, of course, we can meet up for lunch like yesterday. But, actually, there’s….something I need to talk to you about later. Yeah, it’s…kind of serious. I-it should be fine, I just…really need to talk this out in person.”
 
W-we can meet whenever you get here, so just…text me when you can, ok? Thanks, I…I’ll look forward to seeing you.”
 
 
 
Hey guys. Yeah, sorry for the wait, I kinda…got a late start. But let me guess, you called about the bet? Yep, the…the three weeks are over. Guess that means…I won.”
 
Come on guys, I’m not gonna brag or anything so can I just…take the money and get going? I have…stuff to do.”
 
 
Yeah, uh…thanks for the cash, guys. This…this was fun.”
 
W-what? N-no, I’m not sad it’s over! I mean, what reason would I have to be sad for?! Like I said before, I couldn’t be happier that the bet is finally over!”
 
 
…Do it now? What’s that supposed to mean?…T-turn around?”
 
 






















There we go. Speaking of formalities, let me stick to the protocol now as well. Since we are officially meeting for the first time. 




What a unique name. I promise I won't forget it anytime soon. Now, how are you associated with this castle? Are you a guest of ours that I had yet to meet?







Huh? My sister is treating you well, you say? Not that I was expecting anything else, but it still comes as a relief. She's a kind soul. But that also means that you are doing your job well and I want to thank you for that. Getting up in the early morning hours to help us with our duties and only going to bed after we do, it's not the most enjoyable lifestyle either.




Do you do that every night? Walking through the halls, pretending to be someone you are not to escape reality for a moment?











I'm not looking, I promise!

Here, take this. Don't worry about returning it, I'll just tell my sister and ask for her help. Like I said, she's actually a kind soul. But you know that, of course. It might be a cape, but if you use it like a blanket and wrap it around yourself, it should keep you warm.






What? Oh, don't worry. I will keep all this a secret, our little secret if you may. Just make sure to get back to your room safely, alright? My sister would have my head if she knew that I made you stay up all night.


How about I accompany you to the stairs? 




 
 
 
 
Thank you. Now… back to you. 
 
 
You could say the same for me? Hmph. We all age, old friend. You certainly aren’t the wide-eyed child with a big heart I grew up with. Hmm… Maybe, just maybe, I just look better for my age than you do. 
 
Oh, that hit a nerve, didn’t it? You’ve still kept your sharp tongue all these years, haven’t you… It’s one of your qualities that I’d never forget.
 
 
 
…Yes, the wounds you received from your capture. The ones I — rather, my crew — gave you. It wasn’t one of your most graceful performances, I would say. Even from where I was, circling up on a helicopter, I could see it. All over your face and your body. 
 
 
 
Do you recall? As you began making your grand exit, it was clear you weren’t expecting us to show up. You tried to keep your composure and fight us off, yet as the time passed, you became tired. Exasperated. You finally gave in, and collapsed to the cracked pavement… the same way you’re sliding down the wall right now.
 
 
 
Was it me that finally uncovered your plans? Yes. Yes it was. You could say that I felt a bitter tangle of both satisfaction and remorse. Yet I couldn’t help but become entranced by your plans. They were so intricate and intimate, and it was like I was seeing something meant for someone else. Still, I could tell you wrote them — it was as if we were still studying in the lab back in college, with your clean and overly-organized way of writing all of your notes.
 
Prior, however, I’ve seen you countless times on the news as you unleash brutal assaults, cold and calculating. I’ve studied your tactics, gear, and—
 
No, I don’t stalk you. Tch. Merely observation. 
 
Am I happy, you ask? For finally capturing you? Hmph. I want to be. I want to force myself to celebrate, to receive all the glory, to be bestowed a medal of honor. But… I can’t bring myself to wholeheartedly want any of that. All I desire,  genuinely, is to…
 
 
Nothing. It doesn’t matter. 
 
My, even as you glare into my eyes and furrow your brow, your eyes are the same I’ve always known. Full of determination and some kind of spark, but now they carry a new kind of look—realization. 
 
 
It’s hitting you know, isn’t it? The full weight of the people you’ve harmed, the things you’ve done. It's about time you have a damn moment of reflection.
 
 
 
I see. You were.. tired. Tired of people having overly-high expectations, of being the prodigal child, of being perfect. You were sick of the scummy way the world had treated you as a kid, only to have them switch up when you brought impeccable grades and college admissions. Ergo, you despised how they only valued you for their own advantage.
 
It’s not pretty, is it? The way you can be treated like a napkin. Used when you’re needed, and thrown away when someone decided they’ve had enough of you. That’s politics. Remember how I used to work on a campaign for the senator with gel-caked hair? I wasn’t paid, despite the guy being richer than a mother. I moved to state offices, all alone, and the stress was horrible. I wanted to serve the public with all of my heart and soul, but they hated me for it. Once I made it here, I was weary and battered, as if I’d fought numerous wars. But I made the promise to remember the wrongs that had been committed against me, and prevent them from happening to others. Not to worsen what was wrong with the world. 
 
 
 
I want to help you. I want to be by your side as you mend your errors and pick up the pieces of your life. Only… I wish I could’ve been there for you sooner.
 
 
My cheeks are not red. I wear this thick pantsuit all day; I’m bound to be hot. Now, I have business to take care of. The agents will come in soon enough to check up on your wounds. Be good for them and me, alright? From now on, consider this the beginning of your long, new chapter.Why is she not awake yet? Did my minions let out too much sleeping smoke during our battle? What if she doesn' wake up?! What am I gonna do without my darling?!


Don't, don't try to move, dear. You won't be able to. The sleeping smoke my scientists created is quite strong, you see? You'll only be able to move completely after one hour or so.



Wow, you're already speaking! You're much more stronger than I thought you were. I'm impressed! You always surprise me in the most positive ways, darling!

Answering your question about what happened, we were in the middle of a fight when you noticed the smoke surrounding us. You thought I set fire to another bulding, like last time, but it was actually the sleeping smoke. And then you fainted. Don't worry, I caught you before you could reach the floor. And here we are! In my humble lair. Don't mind the mess, please.


What do I want? Well, that's a long story... for starters, look at my face. It's the first time you see me without my mask, right? At least, that's what you must be thinking, but it's not true. You saw my face two years ago, at the Heroe's Training Academy.


Of course you don't remenber me and I don't blame you. I wasn't as outspoken as I am right now.

Anyway, we were both students at the HTA, and since the first day of class, you caught my attention. With time, I fell completely in love with you. You were smart, honest, trustworthy and a really good person. You still are, of course.

I always saw you as someone who were too good to be here, in this rotted world, among these terrible people. A goddess! A light being, that was sended to protect and confort those who needed.

Life in the academy was horrible for me. I was one of the most weak students there, but I endured it all because of you. I can't count in my two hands how many times you fought those bullies to protect me and other students.

I promised myself that I would train until my body coudn't take it anymore, just so I could be a hero and enter the Hero's League with you. Of course, that is not what happend. You passed all the final tests, obviously, and I failed the last one. The psycologic test. I wonder why...

I was devasteded! How would I finally aproach you if I couldn't see you anymore?! How would I confess my undying love for you, if you would not be within my reach anymore? And then I figured out! What do heroes do? They fight villains and protect the city, so if I wanted to see you again I would need to be a villain! And so I turned into one of the most feared villains of this place! I did it all for you, my love!


No, I'm not sick! I just really, really, really love you! I would do anything for you!


Oh, the punches, slaps and kicks are nothing compared to the pleasure I feel every time I see you. And they were all coming from you, so I gladly accepteded.


Oh, God, of course I'm not a masochist! I only enjoy it when you're the one beating me up.

Please, don't give me that look, I'm starting to feel kinda self-conscious right now...




I wouldn't say I kidnapped you, but if that is the word you want to use, no problem, my love.

As I was saying, the other reason why I... kidnapped" you is because I know what is happening in the Heroe's League. I know they're mistreating you. Treating you like a burden, when you're the one who always fight the worst villains, and you're the one who always make sure to not hurt civilians or destroy the city during the battles. I know it all.

You look really surprised.


I'm not spying... yes, I am spying on you. There's no use in denying.

But I did it, because I wanted to make sure you were ok, and it turns out, you're not!


My love, of course I can help you! I have been preparing everything for months! I prepared this house, I prepared new clothes, a beautiful room, protection and even a new identity!

I know you were planning to escape the Heroe's League, but they discovered your plans and ruined everything! What is a shame, because I was really excited to see you in action. It was a really good plan too, I'm sorry you couldn't go through with it, dear.

When I saw what happended I decided that I would not just watch anymore, I would free you from them.


Darling, please, don't say that! I would never trap you like they did! I just took you... I mean, kidnapped you, so we could talk without their interference.


I know you don't trust me, and you're right. I have known you for two years, but you don't really know who I am. With time, as you get to know me, I hope you can warm up to me.


I'm... not letting you go. I'm sorry, but it's for your own good. If you at least had a safe place to go, I could take you there, I know you can take care of yourself, but you don't have a safe place. So, at least for now, you're going to stay here. I'm really sorry.


Please, don't cry, love. Please... everytime I see you sad like this my heart hurts. I don't want to see you cry, please.

You must hate me right now. But it's ok. I'm doing this for you, I'll keep you safe. You'll understand soon enough.


You're afraid for your family? Oh, i see. If you don't go back, they could hurt the people you love and care about.

Don't worry your pretty smart head about this! I have some of my men protecting your family 24/7, and they are very capable, if I say so myself. As I said, I prepared everything to help you.


Oh, thank God! You seem to be feeling better now. Thank you for calming down, my love.

Let me dry your tears.

How are you feeling? Is your body less heavy now? Can you try and move your hands for me?



Gosh, I'm so proud of you. You're admirable.


Yes, of course I love you! I have loved you for years and I'll keep on loving you until I'm nothing but an old forgotten pile of bones. That's how much I love you. Till the end of times, till I...


Ok, ok, I'll stop! You're so cute when you blush!



You... you want me to lay down on the bed with you? Really? Oh, my Goddess, thank you so much!



You feel tired? Well, I'm not surprised, you have gone through a lot lately. The effects of the smoke are wearing down, so you can relax and sleep if that's what you want. When you wake up, you'll be able to feel your full body and move again.


Of course I can give you headpats! Yes, and kisses too! Come here, I'm gonna cuddle you.



I love you, my darling.

I will protect you.

Nothing's gonna hurt you, baby.

Nothing's gonna take you away from me.

I will be always with you.

My goddess.

My light.

I'll kill them all for you.

They don't deserve to live in the same planet as you.

I'll make them regret what they did to you.



She treated me like shit and fucking cheated. She probably wants me back now 'cause I'm successful and running my own company now. Gold-digger...




Hey babe....

No I'm fine.

Babe I said I'm fine. It's nothing.

I'm just feeling a bit... moody.. right now.

The get together?... It was alright I guess.

What's wrong"??

Babe I already told you it's nothing.








Mgghh.... what time is it?... It's 10 already- Man I slept in a lot...


Babe?


You prepared breakfast already?? Awesome what're we having?


!!if you haven't eaten breakfast, stop reading this script rn and go eat something and drink water. i'm dead serious]

Ahhh it smells so good!


..What are you looking sly about?

Babe not this again-

I- Yeah I've rested now, but still. It's nothing you should worry about.

Babe, please just drop it.


Well I'm gonna go get ready for work.


Alright I'm off to work. Come here.






Babe I'm home.

Yeah I had to come home a bit later than usual, sorry. One of the guys just didn't show up and apparently he actually had a bunch of shit he didn't do, piled up. So yeah, definitely firing him.



Hm? You want to talk about something?



Wait- Is it about-



Wait- You-





Well how much did he tell you?!





Why didn't I tell you"??




If I wanted you to fucking know,








..






AND WHAT IF I DO-



Wait- Wait no! That's not what-!



I think... we both need time to cool off a bit...











Wait- are you- Are you crying??

Babe!

Have you been crying in the bathroom for almost an hour???


Babe!! Please open the door!

Babe!

Please don't lock yourself up in there! It's been an hour!

Babe please come out!




Please! Let me apologise to your face!

Babe, I'm begging you! You can hate me all you want, just please come out here!









I'm so sorry..

I'm sorry for leaving you alone here to cry for an hour.


and- and I'm sorry for not telling you about my ex,


You didn't deserve any of that.

I'm so so sorry. Please forgive me.


Hm?


What?! No! Of course I don't love her anymore. No! I only love you! I- I was just so upset, and- and I didn't know what I was saying! I'm so sorry I made you feel that way, and that I was being such a jerk, yelling at you like that! I'm sorry babe, please forgive me.







Are you comfortable laying down on me like this?

Alright.. So then I guess I should probably explain myself.



I caught her. Cheating on me.

Yeah. And yesterday, during our get together,


I was just. so pissed at both of them. Him for inviting her, and at her because she had the audacity to come back to me after cheating like that. Me and all the rest of my friends knew she just wanted me for money.

I was so pissed yesterday that I just didn't want to talk about it at all. I never told you about her because I just really wanted to bury her in the back of my mind where I forget about everything.

I wanted to pretend she never existed. And I don't want her knowing about you either because she's crazy. She wants money so bad that she'd do really dark messed up things to you if she ever knew about you.

The more I thought about the different terrible things that could happen if she ever found out about you.. The more scared I got. And I ended up lashing out on you.



You.. forgive me?...


I won't ever do anything like this again to you. I promise. I'll buy you anything you want tomorrow. Just name it babe, I have a whole day off.

Wh- no?..

Just spend time together"?..


Alright babe.


 
Babe, uh… can I come inside? I’ve brought some things for you.
 
 
Hey sweetheart, how are you feeling? Better, I hope. The windows are open and you’re getting some fresh air and sunlight, so that should be helping you feel better too. 
 
You’re still tired? Hmm… let me check you up a bit. Well, on the contrary, you certainly look a bit better compared to the past few days. At least from my perspective, I can tell that a significant amount of color has returned to your face. Your eyes have a bit more spark to them too, and that’s a good sign.
 
 
 
 
 
 
But that’ll all happen in its due time. I have to focus on you, first. You’ve been drinking all your water, correct? Oh, you already drank all of it? Okay, then would you like me to bring you more? 
 
Oh, you just.. want to take a nap. 
 
 
Babe, I know that you’re doing better, but I need to make sure.
 
Alright, this goes under your tongue, and...
 
 
Hmm… 100.7 degrees — that’s still a bit high. 
 
 
Oh jeez, that cough, too.
 
Tell you what, just set a couple of blankets aside and I’ll go bring you some more water and medicine. Do you need anything else? Are you absolutely sure? Alright then, excuse me for a moment.
 
 
Here we go. I brought this cloth soaked in warm water to clean your face. Take the blankets off your face for a bit, hun.
 
 
Thank you. I’m just going to gently wipe your forehead—
 
Yes, I know the cloth is wet; it’s supposed to be. It’s alright, I’m finished anyway. Now, please don’t kill me for this, but…
 
 
I need to give you some of this prescription medicine to ease your fever. If you’re going to sleep, I need to make sure that your body helps to fight it off quickly, and it'll help you rest better too. I get that it tastes horrendous, but we don’t want to risk anyth-
 
You don't want to? No, you’re taking it and that’s final.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I should’ve just talked to you calmly about what I was feeling, but I thought that I couldn’t trouble you with further dilemmas when you’re already sick.
 
I suppose you're right. We need to rely on each other and communicate about things like these.
 
 
 


Ugh! Son of a– Die already!”


What kind of vampire is this?! Much more powerful than I expected, and it doesn’t even seem sentient- augh!”



Hey- g-get off me! Gh- I-I can’t-!”


Get… Off me!!!!”


Gah!”


Hahh… hahh… th-thank you… I– I thought I was gonna–”


... You.”

What are you doing here?!”


Well I got some reports of abnormally strong vampires gathering in the area, so I came over to check it out. As far as I’m concerned one of yours is responsible, and you being here doesn’t really help your case.”


Wha– I’m not injured!”


Well clearly your sense of smell has gone bad, because whatever blood you smell isn’t mine!”


.... ugh… okay, fine. Yes, I’m injured from the earlier fight, but what are you going to do about it? Try to take me down? Right here? It isn’t so bad that I can’t fight!”


Okay yes it’s bleeding a lot, but as long as I put pressure on it, I’ll be fine. I can still take you on!”


... Huh? You’re injured too?”


You fought one of those vampires too?”

But aren’t they your kind? Shouldn’t you be… working together or something?”

And how do I know you aren’t lying to me?!”


Oh. Oh wow. I… I don’t think I’ve ever seen a wound that big on you… and I’ve been trying to hunt you down for years.”


Yeah… I guess I know your methods well enough to know you wouldn’t do something so stupid to try and get close to me.”


Ugh, fine. Neither of us are in the best condition to fight right now. So… I guess we can call it a… temporary truce.”

But if those vampires aren’t your… underlings, and you aren’t why they’re gathering here, then why were you here in the first place?”

And why did you save me? Wouldn’t it have been convenient for you if I’d been killed by that thing?”


... No one gets to kill me except you?”


Ah… to think that I turned down help from my fellow hunters because of the exact same reason…”


So… you’re saying these vampires have been affected by a… mysterious virus?”

They’ve all gone… feral? Attacking anything that moves?”


Man… I can see why you’d want to stop them now.”

Then why are you here of all places?”


So you got the same intel as I did.”


Ugh… it looks like this situation is bigger than the Hunter’s Guild thought…”


Huh? H-Hey, what’s going on?! Are you okay?”


Oh don’t pull that crap now! Like I said, I’m gonna be the one who takes you down in a fair fight, not some– not some other vampire! So you’d better not die, you hear me?!”

Oh god that looks really bad– uh– does human medicine work on vampires?”

No, they have the opposite effect, dammit I should have remembered that! I’ve been hunting you for years!”


H-Hey, don’t pass out on me now!”

I still– I still need to– I still need to use you in order to get these aggressive vampires under control! Th-That’s it! And don’t forget that I still have to be the one to finally take you down!”

Think, think! Agh, I’ve never helped a vampire before, I don’t know how to! They didn’t cover this during training!”


M-My blood?!”


Hey! N-No way I’m falling for that! Y-you’re just gonna drain me if I let you f-feed from me!”


You… you don’t have to drink from my neck?”


... Oh… I was so panicked that I forgot about my own wound…”


Wh- I– I wasn’t scared for you!”


Okay, okay. I– I’ll remove my hand… and you can… lick the blood off of my hand.”

But I swear, if you try anything… I still have access to my knife.”


Again, I want to kill you in a fair fight. And you’re clearly weakened.”

It wouldn’t be right for me to stab you in the back right now.”


Okay… I’m– I’m taking my hand off my wound.”


Ugh… god that hurts…”


Both my hands are gonna be covered in blood now, so hurry up.”


Whoa… I know I’ve seen vampires heal before, but I didn’t know that just a little blood in your system would remedy a wound that severe so quickly…”


S-Sweet?! M–My blood tastes sweet to you?!”


I-I’m not blushing! I’m only doing this so… so that you owe me one!”


Working together… I guess since this is a problem affecting both of us, we’ll have to…”

You have intel that I need, and I have intel you need.”

Just this once… I suppose we can put our differences aside.”


Done? Finally. Ugh…”


O-Of course I find you vile. You’re a vampire after all.”


Again, I’m not blushing! How could I be while I’m bleeding so much?!”


Oh, I’m still bleeding.”


H-Hey, don’t laugh like that!”


What do you mean you’ll help me?! I can take care of my own wounds just fine!”


Returning the favor?! B-But-! How will I know that you won’t kill me?!”


W-well… I guess I did help you… but still. I don’t want you touching me!”


... You actually backed off?”


O-Oh right! Okay, okay. I’ll treat my own wounds.”


Huh? Where are you going?”


Standing guard in case other vampires smell the blood? … And also to give me some privacy?”


Um… thanks, I guess.”


Okay, I’ll call you when I’m done. Now go stand guard like you said you were going to!”


Ugh… this is all making my head spin…”




Heeyyyy, baby. It’s your favorite bad boy.”


Oof, someone’s in a mood. Having a rough day at work?”


You’re STILL there?! It’s nearly midnight, you’ve been working since 8 AM!”


OK, OK, sorry… I, uh, might be about to make things worse…”


Yeeeah, I’m kind of being held at the police station for taking a swing at Jake. In my defense, before you get super mad, the asshole made a comment about you that I didn’t appreciate. So, uh, yeah. If you could come pick up your super handsome, muscly boyfriend, that’d be super.”


Aw, c’mon, baby… It’s not like I’m trying to drive you up the wall, I’m just… you know, me.”


Thanks, baaabe, love yooouuu.”



Aw, cmon, Ross! That toothpick was the only thing keeping me entertained!”


Fine, fine, we’re getting. Geeze, everyone’s in a bad mood tonight. There’s my baby! Mwah, hey sweet thing. Uh-? OK, I’m backing off, sorry. Yeah, have a good night, Ross. Try not to be too cheerful, yeah?”



Course I had another toothpick, sweetie. Rrgh, but chewing on it hurts like crazy… Guess the fucker did get in a good hit or two, eh? Hehe. Good thing we have that bag of frozen peas.”


...You OK, Hon?”


You sure as shit don’t sound “fine”. You look like you took as many hits as I did but don’t have the marks to show for it. What’s going on?”




That’s…the problem? What? You’re the one that was all hot and bothered for the “delinquent”, sweetheart, I don’t know what the fuck you expected.”


Ooh, I bet I can ‘fix’ him and he’ll be oh so thankful that a goodhearted little thing like me came along and will totally validate my desire to feel needed!”


...I-I… fuck, baby, I’m sorry, that was…”


Don’t talk to you? OK, you know what? Fine. I’m going to go do the “delinquent” thing and get a drink at the bar. You go do the goody-two-shoes thing and go be a productive member of society.”




Baby…? Baby, are you here?”


...OK. If you are here and just don’t want to talk, that’s fine, I get it. I was a dick. I, uh… I brought you some roses. They’re 24-hour grocery store roses, but… I didn’t want to come home emptyhanded, you know?”


Damn… I wonder if they fell asleep already? Kind of hope so… They’ve been having a lot of trouble sleeping lately. Wait… is that…because of me? No, I… I’m not that loud at night. I’ve gone out way less. That’s…that’s enough, right?”


Ah, man, they are asleep… Poor baby. I’m gonna sit on the bed, OK? Please don’t punch me if you’re pretending to be asleep… What am I saying, you’ve never punched me… I appreciate it, you know? I’m so used to getting beaten up that I forget… that you’re always gentle with me…”


I’ll take you yelling at me if I can just lie here next to you… You know, it’s so dumb. I always feel like I have to be this person just to keep you around. I’ve got my job at the car shop, sure, but… fuck, what else could you possibly see in me? I drive you crazy, and it used to make you smile, but lately…”


I wish you’d talk to me, baby… You used to open up to me about everything, but now… Oh, honey, you only get this way when you’re really stressed… God, and I made it a thousand times worse just from running my stupid mouth earlier. You didn’t deserve that… You came straight from your crazy fucking job just to bail me out because I just HAD to swing at a guy that talked shit about you… W-What…what do you even see in me? I’m… I’m making you miserable, aren’t I…?”


I’m glad you’re sleeping at least. You’re not even…snoring…this…time…”


Baby?! Baby! Oh god, you’re barely breathing! Shit, shit shit shit, FUCK! H-Hang on, I’m calling someone right now!”


H-Hello?! Y-Yeah, I, I need help! My partner is out cold and barely breathing!”


I don’t know! I just got home and they were in bed a-and… oh god… oh no, t-there’s a pill bottle here for one of their medications a-and it’s empty. It was full this morning! Oh my god, oh baby, no, no no no, not like this!”


I-I, a-ah… they have a pulse b-but it’s weak! The address is 1024 54th Ave S, please hurry!”


BABY! H-Hey, hey… there you are! No no no, don’t-! Don’t you leave me, do you understand?! Help is on the way, I promise, s-so just-!”


W-What? N-No, don’t apologize! It’s OK, it’s going to be OK… Hey! HEY!”


Please hurry! Please please, oh god, I-I think they’re dying! Baby, hang on, OK?! HANG ON!”




Hello? Now really isn’t a good time, Miguel!”


Actually, hang on, I think I have one more grenade!”


THAT’S RIGHT, YOU BITCH-ASS-!”



Baby! Oh, honey bunny, I didn’t realize it was you. My super cute little ringtone for you was drowned out by all the gunfire, haha. How’s your day going, sweetie?”


...oh, fuck. Stan! STAN, YOU DENSE CLOWN-NOSED BITCH! You were supposed to remind me I had a dinner date! Stop bleeding out and answer for your crimes! Oh, for fuck’s… here, have a bandaid, you baby.”



Baby, I am SO gosh-darned sorry. I was just finishing up on set and lost track of time! Don’t you worry, I’m on my way now, I’m gonna buy you a whole jewelry store, OK? Then we can go look at the kittens, I know how much you love adopting animals and taking care of them. Does that sound OK?”


...a-a…a break?”


No. No, no, no baby! Baby! C’mon now, I know I messed up, but I’ll buy you a private island if that makes you happy! OK?!”


Emotionally unavailable? No, no no no no no, Baby! Baby, please, you know Donnie loves his little sugar angel, right? You know he does! No, don’t move in with your sister, baby-!”


Baby! No, c’mon, don’t do this! Please, c’mon, I’m getting in the limo right now, I’ll take you to a trillion star lunch and we can talk about this!”


Damnit, I love you, too! I don’t want to let you go, OK?! Baby! NO, DON’T SAY YOU GOTTA GO-!”




Baby! Oh, I’m so glad I found you! No, don’t stop the car, just maintain this slow speed, driver!”


Baby, look! Look at all these pretty flowers, all for you! You could use some of that powder you have at home to plant them! Daddy bought you that greenhouse in your penthouse, remember? You were so happy!”



OK, OK! No problem! Flowers no fix, OK, sure, putting them back in the limo! H-Here, how about this? It’s that diamond-sapphire necklace you said was pretty! See? Mmhm, it’s from a rare sunken ship, Baby, isn’t that neat? You love your historical antiques. See?! I listen! I care!!!”



No…? Donnie no fix? B-But…”


Baby, no, I know that lingo. You saying you need a break means you’re gonna dump me proper! And then I’m going to have to live without you and a-agh… N-No, I can’t, I can’t do that again! I’ll worry constantly, Baby! What if someone gets you, huh?! What if I can’t find my Baby?!”


OK…O-OK, space… Right, right, right, yes, space, mmhm… There isn’t another guy, right? Not that I don’t trust you but I know how sweet and innocent you can be and if someone fucking takes advantage of that and hurts you I am going to have to murder anyone that’s important to them…”


Mhm… Oh, your touch is so soothing… Keeps all the crazy out for a bit, haha…”



...OK. I’ll give you some space… But you’ll come home, right? Pinkie promise?”






So, um, I broke in. A little. Just a little! I gave your sister a few million, and bought some pizza for her kid.”



Am I OK??? No. No, I feel like I’m dying without you. It’s only been a few hours and I miss you so badly, I’m scared, I’m terrified, I NEED you, I need to protect you, every day, all the time… I’ll burn this fucking city to the ground if someone hurts you, OK?”


Oh, right, babber in the house. I will burn this fricking city to the fricking ground!”


Baby… Please tell me what you need from me to stay. Pretty please? I will do literally anything, sweetheart. Anything!”



...You just want me to spend more time with you when I make commitments… Mmh, I know, I know I’ve been bad about that… I promise, I’m not trying to love-bomb you, Baby. Gift giving is my love language, you know?”


Mhrlglrr, fine… I admit my emotional availability has been shite, even for a crime lord. It’s hard, you know? Throwing grenades and thinking about kissing you, shivving a guy while wondering what you might be doing… I miss you, too, honey bunny. I really do, and if we break-up, I just… I don’t know what I’d do…”


Yeah, I know you don’t like how brutal my work can be. I know… But I gotta remind the boys who’s boss, you know? It’s gotten a lot safer! We introduced those cute little armor sets you recommended. Hmhm, you’re so smart, Baby. The boys love the daily donuts you suggested. You give this crime syndicate a… human side, I suppose… You give me a human side.”



Mrarl… Shut up, I am not “cute” when I’m needy. I was beating a guy’s head in earlier today and you’ve got me sat here, emotionally vulnerable, a little broken glass in my suit, telling you how important you are to me…”



I love you, too… And if you date anyone else, I will make them disappear, you remember that. You’re my Baby. No one else’s, not ever. OK, honey bunny? Daddy doesn’t want to have to kill anyone…”




OK, Baby… I’m sorry I intruded on your space here. Could I maybe make it up to you with some breakfast? Maybe a shopping trip to the mall? Or, whatever you want to do. As long as I’m with you, OK?”



Mmh, kisses. I love my kisses from my Baby. I’ll pick you up at 10 AM, OK? I know you like to sleep in.”



Alright, I reckon I can jump through the window without cutting myself to ribbons… Hmm? Oh, right… the front door. Haha, you’re so smart, my cutie pie. Don’t fall in love with anyone else, OK, or I’ll kill ‘em! Haha, OK, love you Baby. See you tomorrow!”



...Woo, cleared it! Got the love of my life back! Potentially cut my calf open but that’s OK, woo!”


I love yoooouuuuu!”


I GOT ‘EM BACK, BOYS! YOUR BOSS AIN’T SINGLE NO MORE!”






Ah! Don’t run off from daddy, okay? If you want your after school treat you need to stick by my side, okay sweetie? That’s better, now would you like to choose your treat from the pretty lady? Okay okay, calm down, no need to jump all over the place, whilst it is very cute you can’t eat if you’re bouncing everywhere

Hi again, sorry we’re a little more hectic than normal, birthday planning has kind of thrown a wrench in our normal routine so we’ve been very off track today. This morning I forgot to pack her lunch after being up all night ordering the right party supplies, so we had to grab her a Subway on the way. Subway has saved me so many times when we’ve been running late, it helps that its right next to the school too.

I must be talking you ear off, can Ruth get one of your strawberry cake pops and then could I have a chocolate one? My daughter is always so hyper having one of these so hopefully is has the same effect on me. All this party planning has really drained the energy out of me.





Hey! I’m so sorry I’m such a mess at the moment, little Ruth decided to she didn’t want to put the toothpaste on her toothbrush and instead decided to smear it all over me. Make yourself at home, I already set up some wine glasses in the kitchen so I thought we could brainstorm ideas around the table as soon as I get my little troublemaker to bed and change my shirt.


I’m sorry about making you wait, Ruth was a little lively tonight so convincing her to go to sleep was a battle. I think I may have given her too much bribing candy today, definitely learnt my lesson. Now, where do you recommend we start with this birthday party planning?

I guess the theme would be a good place to begin. Ruth is obsessed with Wreck-It-Ralph at the moment, she wants to dress up as Vanellope on the day. I think if we went with a mix of sweet and car themed stuff, or a way to combine it? Thinking about it too much makes my head spin.

I suppose balloons and decorations would be a good place to start. I was thinking like a similar one to the character she wants to dress up as? I think she has this blue-greenish jacket so that colour would be perfect. Oh yes! Sweet themed party supplies would be perfect to, and should be easy enough to find.

As for how many people, there’s 13 children and it’ll be just be me looking over it. Her mother said she wasn’t coming this year… oh no, we split when Ruth turned 2. She didn’t want to be a mother, so she gave me full custody and since then it’s just been me and my sweetie. I couldn’t ask for anything more, she’s my favourite thing in the entire world. Watching her grow has been amazing… since this is the first party I’m throwing her without her mother visiting, I want to make sure it’s extra special.

Before I bring the mood down, have you got any photos of previous cakes you’ve made for kids parties? Okay wow, you brought an entire folder?


Holy – you made these cakes? Are you kidding? These are amazing! It’s hard to believe they’re made out of cake, they look almost too good. I say almost mainly because I know firsthand how great your baking skills are.


It’s getting rather late and I don’t wish to keep you up all night. We can get together again tomorrow night to continue planning. Thanks so much for coming and helping me with the planning.


 
Hi darling, how was your day at the embassy? 
 
...
 
That's nice, let me get your coat and sniff your hair, sweety! 
 
 
Actually I did something productive too, today. 
 
 
I wrote a new script!
 
I know, I'm so creative! 
 
Oh, how I do it every single day? 
 
I look up some ASMR scripts on Reddit. Some suckers post them there free for all to use...
 
 
...I'll tell them the script is all mine" and nobody will know, sweaty!
 
Oh, poppycock! If someone comments on it, I'll delete the comment. 
 
And my twitter DMs are closed. 
 
Sit down, I cooked a television meal for the occasion. Don't worry about the reddit people!
 
It's chicken soup with gorgonzola and shrimps. 
 
Here, take a fork.
 
Take a bite! 
 
There you go. 
 
Let me comb your hair, while you are eating. 
 
 
What? You call it stealing? 
 
You might say it's unethical, but it's the internet so it doesn't really count. 
 
 
I didn't grow up with a silver fork in my mouth!
 
 
It's ok, it's ok, gorgeous. I don't want to burden you with my tragic but sexy upbringing!
 
It's ok.
 
 
What do you want to watch tonight?  
 
 
Hm. Yeah might be to aggravating after your hard day arguing with the delegate of Sinovia.
 
Should we instead listen to an LP? I got some new vintage vinyl from the picturesque record shop in carpenter street!
 
What it is? The name of the record is Summer in the city". 
 
Oh... it's by a 60s prog rock band called... The lovin' Forkfull.
 
...
 
Oh, I'm sorry. You have a headache? You should lie down! 
 
Let's go to bed. 
 
One thing honey: 
 
Do you want to be big fork or little fork tonight? 
 
 



I'm coming I'm coming


Woah- have mercy on my precious ears. Why are you screaming?


Oh fuck. Sorry I forgot to wear my shirt. Wait a second.


Yeah. Hi! How are you and who are you?


Mrs. Altman? Who is that?


Look lady I have no fucking idea who Mrs. Altman is but are those cookies in your hands?




Wha- Stop smiling? Why?


You know most girls would die for this look of mine, shirtless and smirking. But whatever, your loss.






What's my problem? What's YOUR problem? I am literally the most unproblematic person on this earth and the first thing you do when you meet me is try to pick a fight.


Unless.... Girls do this right? They act all rude and mean with guys they find attractive. Now I see what's happening here. Of course you just couldn't resist how good looking I am so to make it easier, instead of seeking me, you're trying to be my enemy.



Hey- Stop hitting me. Girls are gonna get mad at you for ruining my pretty face!


I am unbelievable? Yes I am. I am unbelievably hot.






That's a pretty name. Try not to think about me all day. Bye!




Hi! It's me. You... don't seem too happy to see me....

Anyways, Umm I'm out of milk and I really need some coffee right now.


So could I borrow some milk from you?


Because I'm lazy okay. It's 8 in the morning. There is no way I'm going out to get milk when I'm this sleepy. Plus I've got such nice, sweet and helpful neighbours. Why would I go out when I can just get it from you?


What am I doing? I'm putting my foot in between so you can't close the door. Now you are going to let me in like a good girl.


Who said I can come in? I did.

Woahh what were you doing exactly? Are those books? Wow, haven't seen those in years. Seriously how do you even look at those things without falling asleep.



Okay so by the look you're giving me I should probably leave as fast as I can. Just give me milk and I'll get going.


Actually....



How? I don't know, you tell me. What do you want?


Answer your questions? That's wierd... but okay. What do you wanna know?


Why am I out all night? Umm- I... I have night shifts at a company. That is why I am out all night. Because of work.


Uh it's not that popular yet. It's just a small start up company. And the investors are from a foreign country so they keep meetings sometimes, that's why we have to work night shifts as well.




Wait- you know the name of the model? How? That car is one of a kind! Only 29 of them were ever made. 1955 Schwarz Drei CLS, Gull-wing doors, 2995 cc single overhead camshaft- Fuck. You've found a way to get through me. Why do you keep asking me these questions? Why do you care if my car is expensive or not? Why do you wanna know what I do when I'm out all night?

Wait, how did you know I'm out all night? Are you like... a stalker?




Holy fuck what? You're studying to become a mechanical engineer? Damn that's... Interesting. That explains all those thick bunch of books on your dining table.

So, you live here alone? All by yourself? Don't you get lonely?


I know I live alone too. But I've got my reasons. What are yours?


Oh thanks. So, you were saying...


Ohh wow, you've got your whole life planned on a map huh? Living away from home for college, doing jobs even when you have rich parents, preparing for masters in a different country. Does it even go according to your plans?



Shut up don't get all worked up now, I was kidding.


My parents? What about them?


I don't have any parents.


No. I used to live in foster homes. They kept hoping to find a family who would adopt me but by that time I was already 18 and had already lived in 4 foster homes. All of which didn't really give a fuck about me.


No don't be sorry. I don't really care anymore. I'm just happy I'm free now. Free to do whatever I want, whoever I want to meet, wherever I wanna go.


Tonight? No I won't be home. Why?


A potluck? With the neighbours? You really think I would be willing to come to one of those. You don't know anything about me, do you?


I'm not being mean, I just have a race- A MEETING! I have a meeting at 2 am with one of our investors. So no, I can't come for the potluck. I wouldn't have come even if I wasn't busy. Way too cringey for me.


Calm down foxy, I'm not obligated to do any of that okay. I pay my rent, I've done my part as a resident of this building.


By the way, thanks for the coffee. I appreciate it. I'll leave now.





Yeah? What is it?


Tone it down a little? What do you mean?




I can't help you with that foxy. You're just going to have to get used to it. And to correct you, that wasn't my girlfriend. Just a random girl who wanted to have some fun.


I know I'm a jerk. But that still doesn't stop girls from drawing towards me. So guess who wins in the end?

That's right. Have fun at the potluck foxy. Don't miss me too much.


Excuse me, hi. Sorry to bother you but I uh… I wanted to ask you something, I guess?”




Wait, sorry, I know that sounds weird. God, I’m terrible at things like this.”




I promise it’s nothing weird or creepy. At least, it’s nothing creepy. Despite the way I felt the need to clarify that I’m not being creepy.”


Um… I can’t really say it right here. That’s why I’m asking you if we can go somewhere more private.”






Shit, wait! Wait, please!”


Fine, I’ll explain here, just… Stand still so I can tell you.”


Just… please don’t… get mad at me, okay? I’m really not trying to be creepy or an asshole, I swear.”








Oh, yeah, I guess I should probably explain what I meant back there, shouldn’t I?”




Right, I should start explaining myself, shouldn't I?"


I have a thing for nerdy girls. I just think they're really cute and sweet, but also determined and smart. Like, they're so passionate about what they like, and they can give you whiplash when they talk about even the simplest things. They just know so much about everything, and I think that's really hot.”


Yes, exactly like that! See, that kind of thing is super hot to me. The way you just find something you want to know and keep learning about it until you’re satisfied. I just really admire that."


Yeah, really. It's just… I dunno, something about how invested nerdy girls get into their work, it's so cool. Like, you know, that whole 'it's about drive, it's about power' mindset. It's so impressive to see how much they focus on something. The sheer amount of attention they can devote to what they're doing is stunning."




Well, I wanted to talk to you because… Because I just can't take it anymore! I want to have a nerdy girl make me all weak in the knees and get me to blush, and you're the perfect candidate. You're my dream girl."


Why you? There’s a lot of reasons you’re exactly who I’m looking for. You’re really smart and clever. Listening to you talk is absolutely mesmerizing, I could do it all day. You’re absolutely adorable, especially when you’re focused. Or when you’re angry. Or whenever you’re passionate about something really. But speaking of you being angry, you have quite the temper on you, too. I find it pretty attractive, actually. Your personality is just so - how do I even describe it? Fun? Fascinating? Bright? Ooh, yeah, bright! You’ve got a really bright personality, and let me just say, I’m like a moth for bright, pretty girls like you!”


Oh right! So basically, the reason I want you to kiss me senseless is because, to put it simply, I can’t stop thinking about you. You have that lecture class three times a week, right? Monday, Wednesday, Friday, every week. And every week, you sit in the same spot in that lecture hall. Well, you know there’s one wall of that classroom that’s just glass? That wall actually faces the gym that’s connected to the locker rooms right behind us. I wasn’t sure if you even noticed that, given how you actually pay attention to that class, but since the gym has glass walls, too. From some spots, you can even see into the gym, and I can see into the classroom.”

So usually, when I’m doing certain workouts, I can see you while I do them. And I’m only human, so when I see a really pretty girl who looks like she’s my type, I can’t help but keep looking. Especially when I keep seeing that same pretty girl in that same class every time I’m in the gym. I figured that, eventually, I’d be able to quit thinking about you while I work out and actually get my head back into it. But as time passed, I just kept looking at you more, and I realized that I just couldn’t stop thinking about you at all. You were just so magnetic, and I couldn't get you out of my head."

Of course, I started having little daydreams about you. Talking to you in the halls, asking you to help me with my homework, holding your hand while we study together… The more I thought about you, the more romantic the daydreams got. Then one day, I thought about what it would be like if we kissed. I thought about how it would feel to pin you to the wall and make out with you. But I realized pretty quick that I'd honestly like it much better the other way around. After I thought about that, though, it's like it consumed me. All I could think about was you, grabbing me and pushing up against the wall. It didn't matter where; in the library while we were studying, in the elevator back at the dorms, in the locker room after I was changing. I just wanted you, your hands on me as you kissed me until I couldn't breathe. I still want that, honestly. It's like I said, I can't stop thinking about you. I want you to make me weak in the knees and leave me speechless. I want you to look up at me with those pretty eyes and tell me that you’re going to kiss me, and then do it. I want you to kiss me how you want, however you want, and when I’m gasping for breath, I want you to tell me that I’m yours. “

Like I said, I just can’t get that thought out of my head, and it’s starting to affect everything. My grades were fairly good, but they’re starting to drop and I’m having a hard time pulling them back up. My coworkers keep telling me that I’m zoning out during my shifts. Hell, even when I’m working out now, it’s so hard to focus that I usually have to have someone count my reps so I don’t get confused and have to start over. You’re completely taking over my every thought, and I can't handle it anymore! So I’m here, asking you if you’ll push me up against the wall and kiss me, just this once, so I can get my head back to normal. And that is… Yeah, that’s everything I wanted to tell you.”


So… What do you think-?”








Oh, that’s even better than how I thought it would feel! Your lips are so soft and warm. And when you did that little thing where you like, bit my lip- Hot damn, that felt good. What flavor of lip gloss are you wearing? It tasted different, I don’t think I’ve ever tried that kind before.”


Lavender? Huh. I didn’t even know they made lip gloss in that flavor. Don’t get me wrong, I like it. It’s unique, and it suits you. Sweet, but strong. It tastes so good on you.”






Aw, hell yeah! I was really hoping you’d say yes! I was really worried you wouldn’t because of how I just walked right up to you and begged you to make out with me.”


Hey, if you thought the begging was cute, then I’m glad I did it. Hell, I’ll beg for you any time you want.”


Well, if that’s the case, then can I please, please, please have another kiss? Please? I promise I won’t ask for more than that.”




So, do you want to go get dinner tonight, then? You probably have a few more classes to go to after this, and I have to go shower before my math class, so how about we meet up around six-thirty, near the first floor commons? Does that sound good?”


Perfect, it’s a date! I’ll see you then! Oh wait, actually, can I have one more kiss? You know, for the road? Just to tide me over until I see you again? Pretty please?”


