*You and them are eating at a cafe*
 
“And here we go, two ice cream sundaes. No, don’t worry about it. Paying is the least I can do after asking you to come watch me practice. Especially since you didn’t exactly see me at my best.”
 
“Yeah, sorry, guess I was a bit…distracted today. N-no no, it wasn’t your fault, really. I was probably just having an off day is all.”
 
“*Sigh* And either way, the guys really gave me an earful of it afterwards. I know I missed the ball three times, they didn’t have to remind me!”
 
“Sorry, I’m just complaining aren’t I? You don’t think so? Haha, well that’s a relief. Thanks for understanding. Last thing I’d want is to cause you any problems too.”
 
*Your phone chimes/vibrates and you check it*
 
“(Whispered/Muttering) Ah jeez, come on….”
 
“Hm? Oh, it’s nothing. Just got a text from one of the guys. Nah, it’s probably nothing important. If it was, they would’ve called me, so I’ll just check it later.”
 
“So…I was thinking, this weekend, maybe we can do something…special. You know, since we’re getting close to the three week mark and everything.”
 
“Well, my parents just left for a week long work trip today, so I’ll have the house all to myself this weekend. And since they’re gone, I was thinking, maybe you could, you know, come and…spend the night this Saturday?”
 
“A-and before you freak out or anything, I-I just mean we can spend the whole day together before we both sleep at my place! I-I can even sleep on the floor while you take my bed if that makes you feel better!”
 
“So…what do you think? Does that…sound ok?”
 
“You like it? Well, great, that’s great! Ok, then, how about this? Maybe after meeting up for lunch somewhere, we can head back over to my place. I have a lot of games for us to play, and there’s a new movie on Netflix we can watch too.”
 
“Awesome. I’m glad we have a plan then. I’m really looking forward to it…And I’m guessing you are too considering that messy smile you have. Haha, you’re fine, you’re fine.”
 
*You grab some napkins and move closer to them to wipe their face*
 
“Here, let me help. Guess that’s what happens when you eat ice cream that fast, huh. Just be glad you didn’t get a brain freeze or anything.”
 
“And there, all cleaned up. Forget about it, it was no big deal. Just figured I couldn’t let you walk home like that, right?”
 
“No, I think I’ll stick around here for a few more minutes. No, no, it’s fine, really, I still have about half my ice cream left to finish anyway. But feel free to call or text me when you get home, ok?”
 
“Yeah, this was fun. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
 
*They walk away and your phone vibrates/chimes again*
 
“*Groan* Come on guys, really? Ugh, as if things weren’t complicated enough.”
 
“They just have to keep reminding it’s the last week of the bet don’t they?…Whatever, I’ll just deal with them later.”
 
*Timeskip- you and them are walking to your place*
 
“I told you, it’s fine. It’s only a small duffle bag, so carrying it isn’t a problem. And after all, you did pay for lunch, so it’s the least I can do. And thanks for that, by the way. You can never go wrong with fast food, can you?”
 
“Still though, I’m excited for tonight. You’ve never seen my house before, right? Well, I think you’ll like it. It’s a little bigger than your place, but it should be fine. And don’t worry, I made sure to clean up too, so there shouldn’t be any big messes or anything.”
 
“Ah, there it is, just at the corner. What, I told you it was bigger than your place. Oh come on, calling it a mansion is a bit much.”
 
“Well, I guess my parents have pretty good paying jobs. My mom’s a writer while my dad’s a graphic designer. They actually met because he helped her make a cover for one of her first books.”
 
“Y-yeah, you could definitely….meet them someday. A-anyway, we should probably get inside. Gotta get you settled in for the night, right?”
 
*You unlock and open the door*
 
“And home sweet home. So, what do you think? Haha, well I’m glad you like it, even if you think it’s way too big.” 
 
“Anyway, I’ll take your bag up to my room. Would you mind holding my phone and stuff real quick? Thanks.”
 
*You walk off and your phone chimes/vibrates in their hand seconds before you start coming back*
 
“And I’m back. Thanks for holding everything…Um, you ok? You look…a bit confused about something.”
 
“Oh, I got a text? From who?…O-one of my friends?  I-I see. So, um, w-what exactly did it say?…’Good luck with the…final date’?”
 
“*Nervous/Fake laugh* J-jeez, those guys. S-sorry, sorry, it’s just, they’re my closest friends and everything, s-so I told them about the whole three weeks things I offered. A-and unfortunately, they all have a messed up sense humor.”
 
“They’re all just so sure you’ll dump me after the three week mark, so they just love making jokes like in that text, you know?”
 
“…Um, I’m sorry if you got worried or anything. I-I can talk to them about it if it bothers you.”
 
“No? Are you sure?…Well, ok then. Still, I…apologize for them. But, a-anyway, how about we play some games before dinner? I have plenty of games for the Xbox and Switch. Haha, yes, including the new one I got last week.”
 
*Timeskip- You and them just finish the your last game*
(Optional SFX: Game over OR Victory sound)
 
“Gah, darn it, lost again! How does this keep happening?! Are some kind of gaming expert and didn’t tell me? Yeah, sure, beginner’s luck. Maybe the first three times.”
 
“Haha, ok, ok, I’ll stop complaining. And anyway, that was still a lot of fun. I can never just invite the guys over to play like this. They’d probably just make fun of me and make it into a dumb competition. I know, I know, it’s just a stupid guy thing. Guess I can’t fault them for that.”
 
*Doorbell ring*
 
“Oh, perfect timing. Mind grabbing two plates? I’ll be right back with the food.”
 
*You get up and leave and come back with the pizza*
 
“And dinner is served. Hope you don’t mind, I ordered the pizza with olives, mushrooms, and pepperonis on it.”
 
“Haha, ok, ok, I’ll take the olives and mushrooms you pick off. Can’t have them go to waste now can we. But you at least gotta eat the crust. Haha, good, we have a deal then.”
 
*Timeskip- you and them are cleaning up dinner*
 
“And that’s the last of the dishes. And thanks for throwing out the pizza box. So…would you like to come up to my room? I-I mean, if you’re ready to go to sleep everything. W-we can stay up longer if you want.”
 
“Th-then just follow me.”
 
*You and them walk up stairs and you open the door to your room*
 
“So…this is my room. Y-yeah, sorry, I guess I left it kind of messy. B-but anyway, like I said earlier, y-you can take the bed if you want. I-I can just sleep on the floor. I have a sleeping bag ready and everything.”
 
“Well, ok, good. Guess with that settled, we just need to get ready for bed. A-and you can let me know when you need to changed. I-I can just wait in the hall.”
 
*Timeskip- after you and them get ready*
 
“So, you ready for bed then? All nice and cozy? Haha, well sleep tight then. Let me know if you need anything.”
 
*You turn off the light and get your sleeping bag. Seconds of silence before they call for you*
 
“Hm, what? What’s up, is something wrong?…You’re cold? Um, ok, I can go get you an extra blanket or something.”
 
“(Shocked/Flustered) H-huh?…C-could you…repeat that? You…want me in bed with you?”
 
“Um, I-I, uh, th-that’s- N-no no, I’m not saying no. Honestly, I’d actually really like to, but- N-not that I’d like to sleep in bed with you, I just mean- *Cough/Nervous laugh* I-I’ll just get in the bed.”
 
*You get up and get in bed with them*
 
“…Um, so…Wh-what should I…do here?”
 
“Just lay down and…put my arm around your waist? Um, o-ok.”
 
*You lay down behind them and wrap your arm around your waist*
 
“L-like this?…Y-yeah? O-ok, good. That’s good….This…this is nice. Can I…hold you closer? You’re just…real warm.”
 
“…Thank you, for being here with me. I wish…we could stay like this. Haha, I know, just another weird thing I wanted to say. But…just know, I really mean it.”
 
“*Yawn* Ok, I won’t bother you anymore. Let’s just both…get some sleep. And don’t worry, I’ll keep you warm for as long as you need.”
 
*Timeskip- A few days after the sleepover*
 
*You are walking to school and talking to them on the phone*
 
“Yeah, I’m nearly at the school now. Sorry for not being able to walk you there today, apparently my friends need to talk to me about something and they only told me so just this morning.”
 
“Yeah, of course, we can meet up for lunch like yesterday. But, actually, there’s….something I need to talk to you about later. Yeah, it’s…kind of serious. I-it should be fine, I just…really need to talk this out in person.”
 
“W-we can meet whenever you get here, so just…text me when you can, ok? Thanks, I…I’ll look forward to seeing you.”
 
*You hang up and let a sigh before spotting your friends*
 
*You stop walking*
 
“Hey guys. Yeah, sorry for the wait, I kinda…got a late start. But let me guess, you called about the bet? Yep, the…the three weeks are over. Guess that means…I won.”
 
“Come on guys, I’m not gonna brag or anything so can I just…take the money and get going? I have…stuff to do.”
 
*All of your friends each give the money they owe you*
 
“Yeah, uh…thanks for the cash, guys. This…this was fun.”
 
“W-what? N-no, I’m not sad it’s over! I mean, what reason would I have to be sad for?! Like I said before, I couldn’t be happier that the bet is finally over!”
 
“*Angry/Frustrated groan* Would you guys just lay off already?! Look, I did my part for the bet, ok?! I dated the geek for the whole three weeks, I played the good boyfriend, so now I can finally end this stupid game and be done with her!”
 
“…Do it now? What’s that supposed to mean?…T-turn around?”
 
*You slowly turn around and see them behind*
 
“*Gasp* (Scared/Shocked) O-oh no...”* It's dark in the castle as Narrator makes his way through the corridors. He's making an effort to lower his steps and cause as little noise as possible while heading to his chambers following an attempted all-nighter to finish his tasks. *

(Internally) Ugh, I have honestly no idea how my brothers are even having a proper sleep schedule at this point. One task, only a single paper, and I'm up for hours. It's already completely dark outside. I can only imagine how much they must have on their plates. Being much closer to inheriting the throne and all. (He groans quietly) No, brain, not now. This is not the time to be thinking about my rather useless position in this household. Thank you.

* As he passes by the door to the banquet hall, the sound of rhythmic tapping reaches his ears. Soon following is humming as quiet as a whisper. He stops. *

(Internally) Huh? Steps? And humming? Is somebody cleaning the banquet hall? At this hour?

* He steps closer to the room, doors slightly ajar. Without touching them, he peaks through the opening. *

(Internally) Let me take a quick look ... Just a little bit of curiosity ... Hold on ... Is that ... Is that somebody ... dancing?

* Inside the room is a girl, the Listener, that he can barely see. Only the moonlight is outlining her shadow as she dances across the room, lost in her own thoughts. *

(Whispering) Wow.

* He finds himself being drawn to watching her a little more. *

(Internally) I can barely see her. There's so little I can make out. Only her shadow floating from one spot the other. Twirling, and twirling, and twirling. Do I know her? I wonder if I do. What could it be that she is doing here? All on her own and humming along to her own melody ever-so-peacefully. If only girls like her where in attendance at the official banquets. Humming with her every step and just drawing me in. (He chuckles.)

(Internally) What a stupid thing to think. She might as well be an intruder, waiting for her chance to attack. (You can tell that he isn't serious) So, I might as well watch her a little more. For safety reasons, of course.

* He sneaks through the door, leaning against the wall right next to the entrance. It doesn't take long until he has lost track of time, his initial excuse to watch her being long forgotten as well. *

(Internally, focused) It's still impossible to make out her features, even from inside the room. Her hair color, her face, everything. I wonder ... How many times has she danced here before? All by herself, without me noticing? There's not much you can do alone in this huge room. But there she is, not caring about the emptiness around her. (Pause) I should go. I really should. I bet she didn't intend for anyone to see her here. A pity. I wish I could have stayed just a minute longer. (He sighs audibly) 

* He freezes when he realizes what he has done. Only the sound of breaths filling the room, he looks at the girl who has stopped dancing all together, staring back at him from the middle of the room. *

(Aloud, but only to himself) Oh- Oh no- (He clears his throat) Uhm, please apologize my sudden intrusion. I didn't mean to scare you.

(Internally) I shall be damned. It's still too dark for me to see her face but I can tell that she is frightened. Eyeing me like a deer waiting to be attacked. I didn't mean to cause her such distress. I should have just left her alone. In her tiny bubble of happiness.

(Aloud) Please allow me to step a little closer. You will see that I'm not someone you need to be afraid of. (He raises his hands a little and chuckles rather shakily.) See, my hands? I come in peace and mean no harm.

* Slowly, he takes some steps towards the girl who remains glued to the middle of the hall. The closer he gets, the more does the moonlight reveal her features. *

I was only passing by when I heard you humming, you know? It was rather captivating, I must admit that. But I really didn't come to pry on you or anything. (His breath hitches once he fully gets to see her face, but he catches himself.) Finally, I get to see who charmed me this quickly. (He smirks)

* He watches the eyes of the girl widen in shock as she realizes who is standing in front of her. She falls to the floor, kneeling in front of him like everyone working at the place is customed to doing. *

(Soft, a hint of pain in his voice) Please, rise to your feet again. I was the one interrupting you, there's no need for such formalities. I'm sorry for making you do this. My uniform isn't making it easier, right? (He chuckles desperately) That's better. Don't feel afraid to look at me. Here, take my hand. I'll help you up.

* He extends his hand, carefully offering his strength to help the girl back to her feet. *

There we go. Speaking of formalities, let me stick to the protocol now as well. Since we are officially meeting for the first time. 

* He places his right hand in front of his heart and slightly bows in front of the girl. *

(Serious, official tone) I'm [Name], third prince of [Country's Name], third-oldest child to the king and queen and therefore third in line to the throne. It's a pleasure to be meeting you. May I ask for your name, too?

* She tells him her name. *

What a unique name. I promise I won't forget it anytime soon. Now, how are you associated with this castle? Are you a guest of ours that I had yet to meet?

* She tells him that she is working for the first princess, his sister. *

(Soft and curious) A maid? For my sister? That might explain why I haven't seen you around before. You are mostly working in her chambers, is that correct? Ah, then it does make sense. She is not much of a fan of her brothers coming to visit her and entering her room. (He chuckles) I swear we are not that bad. Just a little loud when we all come together. 

* The girl chuckles as well, being quick to cover her smile behind her hand before it fades again. *

(Internally, in awe) Ah, she chuckled. The way she scrunched her nose. To die for. Wait, what?

(Aloud, stumbling over his words after being lost in thought) What? She complains about us leaving behind a mess every time we visit? (Jokingly) Oh, come on, that's not true. I'm sure you know that, too! But it sounds like you are getting along well, I'm glad to hear that. There's hardly enough time to get to know every single person working here. And that's a real pity.

(Pause)

Huh? My sister is treating you well, you say? Not that I was expecting anything else, but it still comes as a relief. She's a kind soul. But that also means that you are doing your job well and I want to thank you for that. Getting up in the early morning hours to help us with our duties and only going to bed after we do, it's not the most enjoyable lifestyle either.

And nevertheless, you stay up at night, twirling through the banquet hall at 2 in the morning. I wonder why that might be. (curious, intrigued)

* Hesitating at first, the girl explains her reasons for secretly spending time there. *

You ... You want to feel like royalty? (Hurriedly) No, please, don't feel embarrassed about that! (He pauses and exhales softly) You really must have been working hard for all your life to feel this way. I don't want to pretend that I fully understand that because I never had to worry about food, shelter and health. But I really do understand the appeal big empty rooms have at night. They are so quiet; it feels like you can fill them with your dreams all the way to the top and not a single soul in the world would care. 

Do you do that every night? Walking through the halls, pretending to be someone you are not to escape reality for a moment?

* She explains it a little more. *

So, it's the banquet hall that draws you in every now and then. The room with the huge windows lining the wall all the way from top to bottom. And a shimmering chandelier hanging from the ceiling. A room with so much space and unlimited opportunities to use it. Hm, I don't think I've ever thought about it this way. For me, it's always connected to having to interact with guests that also have authority over us. Or hold power. It's always about impressions and pretending. And frankly, I'm not the best at socializing. (He chuckles in defeat) 

* She joins the conversation again. *

Fair enough, there's a big difference between attending a ball as a prince and dancing here alone at midnight in your paja- Wait. (Confusion and shock) Did you say pajamas? 

* He immediately slaps his hand in front of his eyes, avoiding eye contact with her and turning his head a little to the side. *

(Nervous) Oh, oh heavens, I'm sorry, I really didn't notice! I’m already looking away! (He starts rambling) No wait, it's not like I was looking at your clothes or your body for that matter. I mean, I was watching you earlier, but not like that, uhm, I just thought you were really endearing dancing through the room in your little bubble of happiness, and uhm, and yes, I couldn't stop watching, but that's not what I wanted to say, it's ... it's just that I wasn't looking at you that way. If I made you uncomfortable, I'm terribly sorry. I didn't want to. I'm just ... I'm just ...

(Internally) Completely stupid and ruining every chance for a casual conversation with her that I might have had in this life. 

* Her, chuckling: Really bad at socialising? *

(He sighs.) Yeah, I'm just really bad at socialising. You got that right. Okay, how do we go about this? It's autumn, how are you not freezing? A nightgown has such little fabric! (He swallows when he realizes what he just said.) Uhm. Let's not talk about that. At least you are wearing your slippers. How about ... Oh, I've got an idea! 

* With his eyes closed shut he removes his cape from his uniform, a long and soft row of fabric, definitely enough to keep her warm. *

I'm not looking, I promise!

Here, take this. Don't worry about returning it, I'll just tell my sister and ask for her help. Like I said, she's actually a kind soul. But you know that, of course. It might be a cape, but if you use it like a blanket and wrap it around yourself, it should keep you warm.

* He watches as she wraps herself in the luxurious fabric. *

Exactly, just like that. Turn once more and it's wrapped all around you. (He chuckles) Yup, nearly there. (Pause as he watches her) So cute. (Sudden inhale) I-I mean, good. So good. Because that's some splendid fabric. Isn't it? (Nervous laughter)

* She thanks him for the cape *

(Pause) You are very welcome. Again, I'm sorry for interrupting your private time like this. I just couldn't stop myself from watching. Never ever had I see something or rather someone like you before. So, I also must thank you for letting me enter your dream bubble. 

(Pause)

What? Oh, don't worry. I will keep all this a secret, our little secret if you may. Just make sure to get back to your room safely, alright? My sister would have my head if she knew that I made you stay up all night.

(Pause)

How about I accompany you to the stairs? 

* She asks what major events could happen if she were to go alone. *

(He chuckles) Of course, you are right. I'm sure you would find the way just fine on your own. But please grant me that one minute to walk with you, will you? 

* She accepts. *

(Delighted) Great! Perfect, thank you. So, (He clears his throat) My Lady, (He smiles.) How about you take my hand, and we walk off into the night? Just the two of us?…Now, rendezvousing from this alley, we want to scour the southwest portion of downtown. I’m sure we may be able to stop the ambush before they get there, and-
 
Well, well. An eavesdropper? (Chuckle) Or have you just suddenly decided to wake up? Granted, it’s difficult to tell the time in such a dark facility as ours. Well, now that you’re awake, I’ll be handling this one. Agents…if you wouldn’t mind leaving us on our lonesome for a few minutes…?
 
(Firmly) Now.
 
[Door shutting]
 
Thank you. Now… back to you. 
 
(Patronizing) My, you’re looking a little worse for wear, aren’t you?
 
You could say the same for me? Hmph. We all age, old friend. You certainly aren’t the wide-eyed child with a big heart I grew up with. Hmm… Maybe, just maybe, I just look better for my age than you do. 
 
Oh, that hit a nerve, didn’t it? You’ve still kept your sharp tongue all these years, haven’t you… It’s one of your qualities that I’d never forget.
 
(Sharp) You know, the agents don’t trust me being around you. Even through their pitch black glasses and stiff suits, you can see it. If you weren’t locked in this, I wouldn’t even think of being alone with you. You’ve made your fellow citizens view you as the bane of their city, and you’ve given them reason enough to believe so. 
 
Hit and bodyslam that glass wall all you want, and yet, it will never break. State-of-the-art technology. (Chuckle). You’ve stolen quite a bit of that, correct? By continuing to fruitlessly hit this, you’ll only tire yourself out and aggravate your wounds…
 
…Yes, the wounds you received from your capture. The ones I — rather, my crew — gave you. It wasn’t one of your most graceful performances, I would say. Even from where I was, circling up on a helicopter, I could see it. All over your face and your body. 
 
(Low voice) You know what it was? Fear. Thick, saturated fear. You’d finally met your match, hadn't you? I’ve seen it enough to know — fear can make even the most experienced villain commit an erroneous move, however, you… you were lucky enough to still retain some of your skills.
 
[Footsteps as speaker paces next to the listener’s cell, continuing with his words]
 
Do you recall? As you began making your grand exit, it was clear you weren’t expecting us to show up. You tried to keep your composure and fight us off, yet as the time passed, you became tired. Exasperated. You finally gave in, and collapsed to the cracked pavement… the same way you’re sliding down the wall right now.
 
[Footsteps stop]
 
(Firm yet gentle) This wasn’t you, the you I knew and adored.
 
Was it me that finally uncovered your plans? Yes. Yes it was. You could say that I felt a bitter tangle of both satisfaction and remorse. Yet I couldn’t help but become entranced by your plans. They were so intricate and intimate, and it was like I was seeing something meant for someone else. Still, I could tell you wrote them — it was as if we were still studying in the lab back in college, with your clean and overly-organized way of writing all of your notes.
 
Prior, however, I’ve seen you countless times on the news as you unleash brutal assaults, cold and calculating. I’ve studied your tactics, gear, and—
 
No, I don’t stalk you. Tch. Merely observation. 
 
Am I happy, you ask? For finally capturing you? Hmph. I want to be. I want to force myself to celebrate, to receive all the glory, to be bestowed a medal of honor. But… I can’t bring myself to wholeheartedly want any of that. All I desire,  genuinely, is to…
 
[Speaker trails off, and huffs]
 
Nothing. It doesn’t matter. 
 
My, even as you glare into my eyes and furrow your brow, your eyes are the same I’ve always known. Full of determination and some kind of spark, but now they carry a new kind of look—realization. 
 
(Slightly taunting) Ah, ah ah…don’t try to refute me when I’ve known you for so long. 
 
It’s hitting you know, isn’t it? The full weight of the people you’ve harmed, the things you’ve done. It's about time you have a damn moment of reflection.
 
(Firm) So, the moment has arrived. Why? Why did you do it? That’s the question that’s been burning on my tongue for so long; it’s the question I’ve simultaneously dreaded to ask. 
 
[A bit of a longer pause]
 
I see. You were.. tired. Tired of people having overly-high expectations, of being the prodigal child, of being perfect. You were sick of the scummy way the world had treated you as a kid, only to have them switch up when you brought impeccable grades and college admissions. Ergo, you despised how they only valued you for their own advantage.
 
It’s not pretty, is it? The way you can be treated like a napkin. Used when you’re needed, and thrown away when someone decided they’ve had enough of you. That’s politics. Remember how I used to work on a campaign for the senator with gel-caked hair? I wasn’t paid, despite the guy being richer than a mother. I moved to state offices, all alone, and the stress was horrible. I wanted to serve the public with all of my heart and soul, but they hated me for it. Once I made it here, I was weary and battered, as if I’d fought numerous wars. But I made the promise to remember the wrongs that had been committed against me, and prevent them from happening to others. Not to worsen what was wrong with the world. 
 
(Tender) I wish you would have done the same thing. But it’s never too late to reverse your misdeeds, and no one needs to go through it alone. I want to…
 
(Gentle chuckle) Yes, I’ll spit it out if you let me.
 
I want to help you. I want to be by your side as you mend your errors and pick up the pieces of your life. Only… I wish I could’ve been there for you sooner.
 
(Flustered) I-I.. W-What? No! I never said I wanted to… be… with you or.. anything. No, no, don’t give me that smirk. You’re in a cell, for God’s sake, you have nothing to sneer about. This is strictly a guidance offer. Come on, don’t tell me you’re pouting.
 
My cheeks are not red. I wear this thick pantsuit all day; I’m bound to be hot. Now, I have business to take care of. The agents will come in soon enough to check up on your wounds. Be good for them and me, alright? From now on, consider this the beginning of your long, new chapter.Why is she not awake yet? Did my minions let out too much sleeping smoke during our battle? What if she doesn' wake up?! What am I gonna do without my darling?!

Oh...! Oh, you're awake! Thank God, I was so worried about you. I almost panicked, to be honest. [Speaker laughs lightly]

Don't, don't try to move, dear. You won't be able to. The sleeping smoke my scientists created is quite strong, you see? You'll only be able to move completely after one hour or so.

Oh, please, don't look at me like that, darling! I promise I won't hurt you. I would never do that. Even when we fight, I never hurted you, did I? I'm always the one who gets beaten up. I'm not complaining, of course. [Speaker laughs]

(...)

Wow, you're already speaking! You're much more stronger than I thought you were. I'm impressed! You always surprise me in the most positive ways, darling!

Answering your question about what happened, we were in the middle of a fight when you noticed the smoke surrounding us. You thought I set fire to another bulding, like last time, but it was actually the sleeping smoke. And then you fainted. Don't worry, I caught you before you could reach the floor. And here we are! In my humble lair. Don't mind the mess, please.

(...)

What do I want? Well, that's a long story... for starters, look at my face. It's the first time you see me without my mask, right? At least, that's what you must be thinking, but it's not true. You saw my face two years ago, at the Heroe's Training Academy.

(...)

Of course you don't remenber me and I don't blame you. I wasn't as outspoken as I am right now.

Anyway, we were both students at the HTA, and since the first day of class, you caught my attention. With time, I fell completely in love with you. You were smart, honest, trustworthy and a really good person. You still are, of course.

I always saw you as someone who were too good to be here, in this rotted world, among these terrible people. A goddess! A light being, that was sended to protect and confort those who needed.

Life in the academy was horrible for me. I was one of the most weak students there, but I endured it all because of you. I can't count in my two hands how many times you fought those bullies to protect me and other students.

I promised myself that I would train until my body coudn't take it anymore, just so I could be a hero and enter the Hero's League with you. Of course, that is not what happend. You passed all the final tests, obviously, and I failed the last one. The psycologic test. I wonder why...

I was devasteded! How would I finally aproach you if I couldn't see you anymore?! How would I confess my undying love for you, if you would not be within my reach anymore? And then I figured out! What do heroes do? They fight villains and protect the city, so if I wanted to see you again I would need to be a villain! And so I turned into one of the most feared villains of this place! I did it all for you, my love!

(...)

No, I'm not sick! I just really, really, really love you! I would do anything for you!

(...)

Oh, the punches, slaps and kicks are nothing compared to the pleasure I feel every time I see you. And they were all coming from you, so I gladly accepteded.

(...)

Oh, God, of course I'm not a masochist! I only enjoy it when you're the one beating me up.

Please, don't give me that look, I'm starting to feel kinda self-conscious right now...

(...)

Well, yes. The fact that I'm in love with you is one of the reasons I took you with me, but... [The listener interrupts him]

(...)

I wouldn't say I kidnapped you, but if that is the word you want to use, no problem, my love.

As I was saying, the other reason why I... "kidnapped" you is because I know what is happening in the Heroe's League. I know they're mistreating you. Treating you like a burden, when you're the one who always fight the worst villains, and you're the one who always make sure to not hurt civilians or destroy the city during the battles. I know it all.

You look really surprised.

(...)

I'm not spying... yes, I am spying on you. There's no use in denying.

But I did it, because I wanted to make sure you were ok, and it turns out, you're not!

(...)

My love, of course I can help you! I have been preparing everything for months! I prepared this house, I prepared new clothes, a beautiful room, protection and even a new identity!

I know you were planning to escape the Heroe's League, but they discovered your plans and ruined everything! What is a shame, because I was really excited to see you in action. It was a really good plan too, I'm sorry you couldn't go through with it, dear.

When I saw what happended I decided that I would not just watch anymore, I would free you from them.

(...)

Darling, please, don't say that! I would never trap you like they did! I just took you... I mean, kidnapped you, so we could talk without their interference.

(...)

I know you don't trust me, and you're right. I have known you for two years, but you don't really know who I am. With time, as you get to know me, I hope you can warm up to me.

(...)

I'm... not letting you go. I'm sorry, but it's for your own good. If you at least had a safe place to go, I could take you there, I know you can take care of yourself, but you don't have a safe place. So, at least for now, you're going to stay here. I'm really sorry.

(...)

Please, don't cry, love. Please... everytime I see you sad like this my heart hurts. I don't want to see you cry, please.

You must hate me right now. But it's ok. I'm doing this for you, I'll keep you safe. You'll understand soon enough.

(...)

You're afraid for your family? Oh, i see. If you don't go back, they could hurt the people you love and care about.

Don't worry your pretty smart head about this! I have some of my men protecting your family 24/7, and they are very capable, if I say so myself. As I said, I prepared everything to help you.

(...)

Oh, thank God! You seem to be feeling better now. Thank you for calming down, my love.

Let me dry your tears.

How are you feeling? Is your body less heavy now? Can you try and move your hands for me?

(...)

Good, good! As I expected, nothing can stop you for long. Not even a super technologic sleeping smoke. [Speaker laughs lightly]

Gosh, I'm so proud of you. You're admirable.

(...)

Yes, of course I love you! I have loved you for years and I'll keep on loving you until I'm nothing but an old forgotten pile of bones. That's how much I love you. Till the end of times, till I...

(...)

Ok, ok, I'll stop! You're so cute when you blush!

(...)

[Speaker gasps]

You... you want me to lay down on the bed with you? Really? Oh, my Goddess, thank you so much!

[Bedsheet noises as the speaker lays down]

Can I do something more for you? Are you hungry? Or uncomfortable in any way? (...)

You feel tired? Well, I'm not surprised, you have gone through a lot lately. The effects of the smoke are wearing down, so you can relax and sleep if that's what you want. When you wake up, you'll be able to feel your full body and move again.

(...)

Of course I can give you headpats! Yes, and kisses too! Come here, I'm gonna cuddle you.

[Headpats sound starts here and can keep going till the end of the video]

[The following phrases can be whispered into the listener ears and the speaker can give the listener kisses between the phrases]

I love you, my darling.

I will protect you.

Nothing's gonna hurt you, baby.

Nothing's gonna take you away from me.

I will be always with you.

My goddess.

My light.

I'll kill them all for you.

They don't deserve to live in the same planet as you.

I'll make them regret what they did to you.

I'll do anything for you.Ugh that get together was shit.. why did [insert name] have to ruin it. I can't believe she was there. [Another person's name] probably invited her. We broke up years ago... And he invited her so that she could say she wanted me back???

(scoff) Bullshit.

She treated me like shit and fucking cheated. She probably wants me back now 'cause I'm successful and running my own company now. Gold-digger...

*annoyed/pissed sigh*

(car door sounds and then a house door sound)

*tired/worn out:

Hey babe....

No I'm fine.

Babe I said I'm fine. It's nothing.

I'm just feeling a bit... moody.. right now.

The get together?... It was alright I guess.

"What's wrong"??

Babe I already told you it's nothing.

Babe there's nothing to tell you. Please. I'm tired and I just got home, please just let me rest. I already ate with the guys, so I'm just gonna go straight to sleep. Goodnight. *





(YAAAAAAAAAWN)

(waking up sounds)

Mgghh.... what time is it?... It's 10 already- Man I slept in a lot...

(getting out of bed and opening door sounds and walking sounds if you want to be extra)

Babe?

(sniff sniff)

You prepared breakfast already?? Awesome what're we having?

[insert a breakfast of your choice, or what you actually had for breakfast.

!!if you haven't eaten breakfast, stop reading this script rn and go eat something and drink water. i'm dead serious]

Ahhh it smells so good!

*munching sounds and forks spoons whatever*

..What are you looking sly about?

Babe not this again-

I- Yeah I've rested now, but still. It's nothing you should worry about.

Babe, please just drop it.

(sigh)

Well I'm gonna go get ready for work.

[whatever length of a pause you want]

Alright I'm off to work. Come here.

(small stip steps)

(small kiss) Thanks for breakfast. See you later babe.


(door sounds)

(long tired sigh/exhale)

Babe I'm home.

Yeah I had to come home a bit later than usual, sorry. One of the guys just didn't show up and apparently he actually had a bunch of shit he didn't do, piled up. So yeah, definitely firing him.

(yawn) Man that was a long day. I'm gonna go get-

*hesitant/nervous

Hm? You want to talk about something?

Er.. Okay. *

*Realisation and then sounding stern

Wait- Is it about-

Babe. This is the last. time. I already told you it's nothing to worry about. *

(short pause)

Wait- You-

*shocked

You what?! You reached out to one of the guys from yesterday to ask what happened?? Babe! *

(irritated sigh)

*a bit nervous/panicked :

Well how much did he tell you?!

(short pause)

Even about [the ex's name]??!!*

Ugh, that idiot- *

*back to irritated

"Why didn't I tell you"??

*angry tone like "do you hear yourself right now?" and the voice is rising

"Why didn't I tell you??"*

*a cold chilling tone

If I wanted you to fucking know,

I would have fucking. told. you.*

*irritated

So what if I never told you I had an ex?*

{practically yelling

SO WHAT IF THAT'S WHY I'VE BEEN ACTING DISTANT? } *

*irritated

I can't believe you- *

..

*shocked

What?. *

*disbelief

If I still like her?? *

*snapped

AND WHAT IF I DO-

WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO ABOUT IT?*

*realisation and regret

Wait- Wait no! That's not what-!

(running away footsteps and door slam)

Fuck. *

I think... we both need time to cool off a bit...

(yk the drill, door sounds car driving away, but make it quick cause you come back right away)

(house door opening/closing)

*Nervous/hesitant

Babe, can we talk-*

*confused

Where?....*

(footsteps)

*A little worried

Babe are you still in the bathroom???...*

*more worried and progressively getting more and MORE worried

Wait- are you- Are you crying??

Babe!

Have you been crying in the bathroom for almost an hour???

(knocking on the door)

Babe!! Please open the door!

Babe!

Please don't lock yourself up in there! It's been an hour!

Babe please come out!

Crying for an hour isn't good! You might pass out! Please! *

{any time you want, start the water-works, the voice cracking, like you're on the verge of crying, hiccuping, sobbing, stuttering, sniffing, yk. the usual}

*desperate

Please! Let me apologise to your face!

Babe, I'm begging you! You can hate me all you want, just please come out here!

I- I'll tell you all about my ex, I'll do all the chores for a week! A month! Please, I'll do anything you want, just please!.. *

*really desperate/practically crying

Please come out babe!*

(lock clicking and door opening)

*relief

Babe! Come here-*

(hugging sounds??)

*sobbing

I'm so sorry..

I'm sorry for leaving you alone here to cry for an hour.

I'm sorry for- *crying sound* for being distant lately,

and- and I'm sorry for not telling you about my ex,

*hiccup/sob/sniff* and I'm sorry for treating you like that earlier.

You didn't deserve any of that.

I'm so so sorry. Please forgive me.

*a couple more crying sobbing sounds*

Hm?

*genuine shock/disbelief

What?! No! Of course I don't love her anymore. No! I only love you! I- I was just so upset, and- and I didn't know what I was saying! I'm so sorry I made you feel that way, and that I was being such a jerk, yelling at you like that! I'm sorry babe, please forgive me.

{starting to cry and hiccup less}

*gentle

Here babe, let me carry you to the couch so we're not sitting in the middle of the hall.*

(the sound of slow footsteps and then a thud like you landed on something. or a creak. however you imagine couches to sound)

(relaxing sigh)

{the voice should sound more gentle, slow, and raspy from now on, from crying and begging a lot}

Are you comfortable laying down on me like this?

Alright.. So then I guess I should probably explain myself.

*sigh*

Sooo... [ex's name] was my ex, as you probably know now, and we broke up [insert however many years ago you want, or don't] years ago. We broke up because...

I caught her. Cheating on me.

Yeah. And yesterday, during our get together,

she was there. [the dude's name] invited her, so that she could tell me she wants me back.

I was just. so pissed at both of them. Him for inviting her, and at her because she had the audacity to come back to me after cheating like that. Me and all the rest of my friends knew she just wanted me for money.

I was so pissed yesterday that I just didn't want to talk about it at all. I never told you about her because I just really wanted to bury her in the back of my mind where I forget about everything.

I wanted to pretend she never existed. And I don't want her knowing about you either because she's crazy. She wants money so bad that she'd do really dark messed up things to you if she ever knew about you.

The more I thought about the different terrible things that could happen if she ever found out about you.. The more scared I got. And I ended up lashing out on you.

*really apologetic

The last person I'd ever want to yell at... I'm so sorry babe.*

You.. forgive me?...

*affectionate/relieved sigh*

I won't ever do anything like this again to you. I promise. I'll buy you anything you want tomorrow. Just name it babe, I have a whole day off.

Wh- no?..

"Just spend time together"?..

*if a smile had a sound, make that sound*

Alright babe.

*kiss*

I love you.[Gentle tapping on door] 
 
Babe, uh… can I come inside? I’ve brought some things for you.
 
[Door opening, speaker walks in]
 
Hey sweetheart, how are you feeling? Better, I hope. The windows are open and you’re getting some fresh air and sunlight, so that should be helping you feel better too. 
 
You’re still tired? Hmm… let me check you up a bit. Well, on the contrary, you certainly look a bit better compared to the past few days. At least from my perspective, I can tell that a significant amount of color has returned to your face. Your eyes have a bit more spark to them too, and that’s a good sign.
 
Hm? This? Oh, just a few things I’ve concocted for you. Sorry, I’m kind of doing a balancing act with these plates right now. (Slight chuckle). This is a mug with green tea and that wildflower honey you like, and here’s a toast with soft scrambled eggs, avocado and a pinch of salt. I thought you should have a breakfast that’s still nutritious, but a bit easier on your stomach. The, uh… the avocado is even carved into that weird-ass rose that influencers like to do. (Soft giggle). Well, if you can even call it a rose — I fear my slicing skills aren’t chef-grade yet.
 
(Sweetly) Aw.. you really mean it? Thank you, sweetie. You know how much I love doing this for you. Don’t strain your voice though now, I’m sure your throat is still quite sore.
 
[Slight noise of a cup and plate being set down somewhere, brief humming]
 
(Remorse) You know, it… (Sigh) It gets pretty desolate around the house when you’re cramped up in here. Your voice isn’t there to fill up the halls, and I don’t see your beautiful face nearly as much as I should. Hopefully you’ll be back on your feet soon, and we can go back to our couch cuddle sessions and date nights. 
 
(Determination) I promise that first thing you’re better, I’ll whisk you away to this cute new clothing store that opened up a couple of blocks away!
 
But that’ll all happen in its due time. I have to focus on you, first. You’ve been drinking all your water, correct? Oh, you already drank all of it? Okay, then would you like me to bring you more? 
 
Oh, you just.. want to take a nap. 
 
(Concern) Are you sure that’s alright? You haven't eaten yet. Well, at least let me check your temperature first. Let’s see here… Alright, just open your mouth for a sec…
 
Babe, I know that you’re doing better, but I need to make sure.
 
Alright, this goes under your tongue, and...
 
[Optional: thermometer beep]
 
Hmm… 100.7 degrees — that’s still a bit high. 
 
(Sigh) I know, love, it’s annoying. We’ve been working on the fever for quite a bit. It seems to be slowly dying down though, which is a good thing, but you still need to keep hydrated and at a stable body temperature. All these blankets, as cute as they look on you, may not be too beneficial for a fever like yours.
 
Oh jeez, that cough, too.
 
Tell you what, just set a couple of blankets aside and I’ll go bring you some more water and medicine. Do you need anything else? Are you absolutely sure? Alright then, excuse me for a moment.
 
[Blankets rustling]
 
Here we go. I brought this cloth soaked in warm water to clean your face. Take the blankets off your face for a bit, hun.
 
(Slightly exasperated) Yes, I know you want to sleep, and you will, but I have to do this first. Just let me take care of you, please, babe?
 
Thank you. I’m just going to gently wipe your forehead—
 
Yes, I know the cloth is wet; it’s supposed to be. It’s alright, I’m finished anyway. Now, please don’t kill me for this, but…
 
[Liquid shaking in a bottle]
 
I need to give you some of this prescription medicine to ease your fever. If you’re going to sleep, I need to make sure that your body helps to fight it off quickly, and it'll help you rest better too. I get that it tastes horrendous, but we don’t want to risk anyth-
 
You don't want to? No, you’re taking it and that’s final.
 
(Surprised) What? What are you talking about? I’m… overreacting?
 
(Frustration/Hurt) I’m overreacting? How the hell can I be overreacting? Do you expect me — your boyfriend who loves you very, very much might I add — to just sit here idly and watch as you suffer in silence? And do nothing about it? All these days, you’ve seen me keep cool and composed, but to be quite frank with you, I’m worried out of my mind. I’m really only trying to care for you. The way you were perfectly fine just a few days ago too… it pains me to think about. Ever since you’ve gotten this ill, I just don’t feel the same.
 
(Emotional) It… sounds crazy, but sometimes I hum the songs you used to sing just to get some kind of feeling of you still by my side. I really want you to feel better soon enough, and I want things to get back to the way they are. I love you so, so much, and it just kills me to see you lying in bed all feeble like this. If I were ever granted the ability to bring you back to normalcy with a simple snap of my fingers, I’d take it in a heartbeat. But I’m only a guy with simple emotions, and those, unfortunately… tend to get in the way.
 
(Sigh) No, no, sweetie, hun, you don’t need to apologize at all. This is my mess, my emotions, and I should’ve dealt with them in a better manner. I can see how I might’ve come across as overbearing, too. I should be the one apologizing to you right now, and I’m sorry.
 
I... shouldn’t be apologizing either? Baby, regardless, I was in the wrong, and...(sigh) come here.
 
[Blankets rustling, they share an embrace]
 
I should’ve just talked to you calmly about what I was feeling, but I thought that I couldn’t trouble you with further dilemmas when you’re already sick.
 
I suppose you're right. We need to rely on each other and communicate about things like these.
 
But I still appreciate you being able to put up with me through all of this. (Chuckle). I love you to pieces, you know that, right? I just want you to be safe and healthy so we can continue making wonderful memories, and just... being together.
 
[Either a gentle kiss or the speaker sighs in content]
 
I’ll always be here for you, love. Now rest.[Late night ambiance]

[the sounds of something crashing through the bushes]

“Ugh! Son of a– Die already!”

[the sound of metal clashing with metal]

“What kind of vampire is this?! Much more powerful than I expected, and it doesn’t even seem sentient- augh!”

[he gets slammed into the ground]

[sounds of a struggle]

“Hey- g-get off me! Gh- I-I can’t-!”

“Aw sh*t sh*t sh*t– I gotta think of something… I can’t get to my weapons while I’m holding off this thing– they can’t even be reasoned with, these vampires!”

“Get… Off me!!!!”

[you burst through the underbrush, tackling the other vampire off of him.]

“Gah!”

[the other vampire runs away through the woods, leaving the two of you alone.]

“Hahh… hahh… th-thank you… I– I thought I was gonna–”

[pause]

“... You.”

“What are you doing here?!”

[pause]

“Well I got some reports of abnormally strong vampires gathering in the area, so I came over to check it out. As far as I’m concerned one of yours is responsible, and you being here doesn’t really help your case.”

[pause]

“Wha– I’m not injured!”

[pause]

“Well clearly your sense of smell has gone bad, because whatever blood you smell isn’t mine!”

[longer pause]

“.... ugh… okay, fine. Yes, I’m injured from the earlier fight, but what are you going to do about it? Try to take me down? Right here? It isn’t so bad that I can’t fight!”

[pause]

“Okay yes it’s bleeding a lot, but as long as I put pressure on it, I’ll be fine. I can still take you on!”

[pause]

“... Huh? You’re injured too?”

[pause]

“You fought one of those vampires too?”

“But aren’t they your kind? Shouldn’t you be… working together or something?”

“And how do I know you aren’t lying to me?!”

[pause]

“Oh. Oh wow. I… I don’t think I’ve ever seen a wound that big on you… and I’ve been trying to hunt you down for years.”

[pause]

“Yeah… I guess I know your methods well enough to know you wouldn’t do something so stupid to try and get close to me.”

[pause]

“Ugh, fine. Neither of us are in the best condition to fight right now. So… I guess we can call it a… temporary truce.”

“But if those vampires aren’t your… underlings, and you aren’t why they’re gathering here, then why were you here in the first place?”

“And why did you save me? Wouldn’t it have been convenient for you if I’d been killed by that thing?”

[pause]

“... No one gets to kill me except you?”

[he laughs]

“Ah… to think that I turned down help from my fellow hunters because of the exact same reason…”

[long pause]

“So… you’re saying these vampires have been affected by a… mysterious virus?”

“They’ve all gone… feral? Attacking anything that moves?”

[pause]

“Man… I can see why you’d want to stop them now.”

“Then why are you here of all places?”

[pause]

“So you got the same intel as I did.”

[pause]

“Ugh… it looks like this situation is bigger than the Hunter’s Guild thought…”

[pause]

“Huh? H-Hey, what’s going on?! Are you okay?”

[Pause]

“Oh don’t pull that crap now! Like I said, I’m gonna be the one who takes you down in a fair fight, not some– not some other vampire! So you’d better not die, you hear me?!”

“Oh god that looks really bad– uh– does human medicine work on vampires?”

“No, they have the opposite effect, dammit I should have remembered that! I’ve been hunting you for years!”

[pause]

“H-Hey, don’t pass out on me now!”

“I still– I still need to– I still need to use you in order to get these aggressive vampires under control! Th-That’s it! And don’t forget that I still have to be the one to finally take you down!”

“Think, think! Agh, I’ve never helped a vampire before, I don’t know how to! They didn’t cover this during training!”

[pause]

“M-My blood?!”

[pause]

“Hey! N-No way I’m falling for that! Y-you’re just gonna drain me if I let you f-feed from me!”

[pause]

“You… you don’t have to drink from my neck?”

[pause]

“... Oh… I was so panicked that I forgot about my own wound…”

[pause]

“Wh- I– I wasn’t scared for you!”

[pause]

“Okay, okay. I– I’ll remove my hand… and you can… lick the blood off of my hand.”

“But I swear, if you try anything… I still have access to my knife.”

[pause]

“Again, I want to kill you in a fair fight. And you’re clearly weakened.”

“It wouldn’t be right for me to stab you in the back right now.”

[pause]

“Okay… I’m– I’m taking my hand off my wound.”

[rustle]

“Ugh… god that hurts…”

[he offers his hand to you]

“Both my hands are gonna be covered in blood now, so hurry up.”

[long pause as you lap up some of his blood. Your wounds heal quickly]

“Whoa… I know I’ve seen vampires heal before, but I didn’t know that just a little blood in your system would remedy a wound that severe so quickly…”

[pause]

“S-Sweet?! M–My blood tastes sweet to you?!”

[pause]

“I-I’m not blushing! I’m only doing this so… so that you owe me one!”

[pause]

“Working together… I guess since this is a problem affecting both of us, we’ll have to…”

“You have intel that I need, and I have intel you need.”

“Just this once… I suppose we can put our differences aside.”

[pause]

“Done? Finally. Ugh…”

[pause]

“O-Of course I find you vile. You’re a vampire after all.”

[pause]

“Again, I’m not blushing! How could I be while I’m bleeding so much?!”

[short pause]

“Oh, I’m still bleeding.”

[pause]

“H-Hey, don’t laugh like that!”

[pause]

“What do you mean you’ll help me?! I can take care of my own wounds just fine!”

[pause]

“Returning the favor?! B-But-! How will I know that you won’t kill me?!”

[pause]

“W-well… I guess I did help you… but still. I don’t want you touching me!”

[pause]

“... You actually backed off?”

[pause]

“O-Oh right! Okay, okay. I’ll treat my own wounds.”

[you stand up]

“Huh? Where are you going?”

[pause]

“Standing guard in case other vampires smell the blood? … And also to give me some privacy?”

[pause]

“Um… thanks, I guess.”

[pause]

“Okay, I’ll call you when I’m done. Now go stand guard like you said you were going to!”

[sound of leaves rustling as you head through the foliage]

“Ugh… this is all making my head spin…”

“... Blushing? For a vampire? What a joke…”[Scene opens within an office, late at night]

[SFX: Frustrated typing and a cell phone going off]

[Pause???]

“Heeyyyy, baby. It’s your favorite bad boy.”

[Pause]

“Oof, someone’s in a mood. Having a rough day at work?”

[Pause]

“You’re STILL there?! It’s nearly midnight, you’ve been working since 8 AM!”

[Pause!]

“OK, OK, sorry… I, uh, might be about to make things worse…”

[...]

“Yeeeah, I’m kind of being held at the police station for taking a swing at Jake. In my defense, before you get super mad, the asshole made a comment about you that I didn’t appreciate. So, uh, yeah. If you could come pick up your super handsome, muscly boyfriend, that’d be super.”

[...]

“Aw, c’mon, baby… It’s not like I’m trying to drive you up the wall, I’m just… you know, me.”

[SFX: Keys jingling]

“Thanks, baaabe, love yooouuu.”

**[Scene transitions to the police station]**

[You arrive at the police station after thirty minutes or so and give the clerk an apologetic shrug]

“Aw, cmon, Ross! That toothpick was the only thing keeping me entertained!”

[Pause]

“Fine, fine, we’re getting. Geeze, everyone’s in a bad mood tonight. There’s my baby! Mwah, hey sweet thing. Uh-? OK, I’m backing off, sorry. Yeah, have a good night, Ross. Try not to be too cheerful, yeah?”

[The two of you walk outside as your boyfriend chuckles. He sticks another toothpick in his mouth with a wince and a chuckle]

[Pause…]

“Course I had another toothpick, sweetie. Rrgh, but chewing on it hurts like crazy… Guess the fucker did get in a good hit or two, eh? Hehe. Good thing we have that bag of frozen peas.”

[Pause]

“...You OK, Hon?”

[Pause]

“You sure as shit don’t sound “fine”. You look like you took as many hits as I did but don’t have the marks to show for it. What’s going on?”

[Pause]

[He scoffs, pulling away]“Well pardon the fuck out of me! Geeze, what’s got you so riled up? This isn’t my first overnight in the slammer, it probably won’t be my last.”

[Pause!]

“That’s…the problem? What? You’re the one that was all hot and bothered for the “delinquent”, sweetheart, I don’t know what the fuck you expected.”

[He puts on a slightly mocking tone]

“Ooh, I bet I can ‘fix’ him and he’ll be oh so thankful that a goodhearted little thing like me came along and will totally validate my desire to feel needed!”

[SFX: The Listener stopping dead]

“...I-I… fuck, baby, I’m sorry, that was…”

[Pause]

“Don’t talk to you? OK, you know what? Fine. I’m going to go do the “delinquent” thing and get a drink at the bar. You go do the goody-two-shoes thing and go be a productive member of society.”

[He storms off, leaving you to your own devices]

[Scene transitions to your apartment, several hours later]

[SFX: The door opens and the Speaker trudges in]

“Baby…? Baby, are you here?”

[SFX: A bouquet rustling]

“...OK. If you are here and just don’t want to talk, that’s fine, I get it. I was a dick. I, uh… I brought you some roses. They’re 24-hour grocery store roses, but… I didn’t want to come home emptyhanded, you know?”

[Pause]

“Damn… I wonder if they fell asleep already? Kind of hope so… They’ve been having a lot of trouble sleeping lately. Wait… is that…because of me? No, I… I’m not that loud at night. I’ve gone out way less. That’s…that’s enough, right?”

[SFX: Footsteps and a door quietly opening]

“Ah, man, they are asleep… Poor baby. I’m gonna sit on the bed, OK? Please don’t punch me if you’re pretending to be asleep… What am I saying, you’ve never punched me… I appreciate it, you know? I’m so used to getting beaten up that I forget… that you’re always gentle with me…”

[He sighs and sets the bouquet aside, lying down with you]

“I’ll take you yelling at me if I can just lie here next to you… You know, it’s so dumb. I always feel like I have to be this person just to keep you around. I’ve got my job at the car shop, sure, but… fuck, what else could you possibly see in me? I drive you crazy, and it used to make you smile, but lately…”

[Again, he sighs, and pulls you close]

“I wish you’d talk to me, baby… You used to open up to me about everything, but now… Oh, honey, you only get this way when you’re really stressed… God, and I made it a thousand times worse just from running my stupid mouth earlier. You didn’t deserve that… You came straight from your crazy fucking job just to bail me out because I just HAD to swing at a guy that talked shit about you… W-What…what do you even see in me? I’m… I’m making you miserable, aren’t I…?”

[Pause]

“I’m glad you’re sleeping at least. You’re not even…snoring…this…time…”

[He sits up, alarmed]

“Baby?! Baby! Oh god, you’re barely breathing! Shit, shit shit shit, FUCK! H-Hang on, I’m calling someone right now!”

[SFX: Him dialing emergency services and generally panicking]

“H-Hello?! Y-Yeah, I, I need help! My partner is out cold and barely breathing!”

[Pause]

“I don’t know! I just got home and they were in bed a-and… oh god… oh no, t-there’s a pill bottle here for one of their medications a-and it’s empty. It was full this morning! Oh my god, oh baby, no, no no no, not like this!”

[Pause]

“I-I, a-ah… they have a pulse b-but it’s weak! The address is 1024 54th Ave S, please hurry!”

[...Pause…?]

“BABY! H-Hey, hey… there you are! No no no, don’t-! Don’t you leave me, do you understand?! Help is on the way, I promise, s-so just-!”

[Pause]

“W-What? N-No, don’t apologize! It’s OK, it’s going to be OK… Hey! HEY!”

[You consciousness begins to slip again. Bile is in the back of your throat as you watch your boyfriend’s face fade away above you]

“Please hurry! Please please, oh god, I-I think they’re dying! Baby, hang on, OK?! HANG ON!”

[You slip away]

[To be continued][Scene opens on the city streets outside a fancy restaurant]

[SFX: A call being made and then answered]

“Hello? Now really isn’t a good time, Miguel!”

[SFX: Faint gunshots]

“Actually, hang on, I think I have one more grenade!”

[SFX: An explosion and the Speaker cackling maniacally]

“THAT’S RIGHT, YOU BITCH-ASS-!”

[Pause?]

[The second he hears your voice, his voice turns sugary sweet. Adoring]

“Baby! Oh, honey bunny, I didn’t realize it was you. My super cute little ringtone for you was drowned out by all the gunfire, haha. How’s your day going, sweetie?”

[Pause?]

“...oh, fuck. Stan! STAN, YOU DENSE CLOWN-NOSED BITCH! You were supposed to remind me I had a dinner date! Stop bleeding out and answer for your crimes! Oh, for fuck’s… here, have a bandaid, you baby.”

[Pause?]

[His voice tilts back again, sweeter than honey]

“Baby, I am SO gosh-darned sorry. I was just finishing up on set and lost track of time! Don’t you worry, I’m on my way now, I’m gonna buy you a whole jewelry store, OK? Then we can go look at the kittens, I know how much you love adopting animals and taking care of them. Does that sound OK?”

[...]

“...a-a…a break?”

[SFX: The chaos in the background silencing itself]

“No. No, no, no baby! Baby! C’mon now, I know I messed up, but I’ll buy you a private island if that makes you happy! OK?!”

[Pause…]

“Emotionally unavailable? No, no no no no no, Baby! Baby, please, you know Donnie loves his little sugar angel, right? You know he does! No, don’t move in with your sister, baby-!”

[He falls quiet while you assure him you still love him, there’s no one else, you just need to evaluate your priorities while he evaluates his]

“Baby! No, c’mon, don’t do this! Please, c’mon, I’m getting in the limo right now, I’ll take you to a trillion star lunch and we can talk about this!”

[Pause]

“Damnit, I love you, too! I don’t want to let you go, OK?! Baby! NO, DON’T SAY YOU GOTTA GO-!”

[SFX: The call ending and, inevitably, your phone blowing up with calls and texts]

[It hardly takes ten minutes before his car pulls up alongside you as you walk your way home]

[SFX: A limo rolling along and a car window rolling down]

“Baby! Oh, I’m so glad I found you! No, don’t stop the car, just maintain this slow speed, driver!”

[He steps out of the limo, lugging an absurd amount of flowers]

“Baby, look! Look at all these pretty flowers, all for you! You could use some of that powder you have at home to plant them! Daddy bought you that greenhouse in your penthouse, remember? You were so happy!”

[Pause]

[He makes his usual slew of frustrated noises]

“OK, OK! No problem! Flowers no fix, OK, sure, putting them back in the limo! H-Here, how about this? It’s that diamond-sapphire necklace you said was pretty! See? Mmhm, it’s from a rare sunken ship, Baby, isn’t that neat? You love your historical antiques. See?! I listen! I care!!!”

[Pause]

[He deflates as you put your hand on his shoulder]

“No…? Donnie no fix? B-But…”

[Pause]

“Baby, no, I know that lingo. You saying you need a break means you’re gonna dump me proper! And then I’m going to have to live without you and a-agh… N-No, I can’t, I can’t do that again! I’ll worry constantly, Baby! What if someone gets you, huh?! What if I can’t find my Baby?!”

[Pause]

“OK…O-OK, space… Right, right, right, yes, space, mmhm… There isn’t another guy, right? Not that I don’t trust you but I know how sweet and innocent you can be and if someone fucking takes advantage of that and hurts you I am going to have to murder anyone that’s important to them…”

[He flinches as you cup his jawline but melts as you stroke his hair back]

“Mhm… Oh, your touch is so soothing… Keeps all the crazy out for a bit, haha…”

[Pause]

[He sighs, head hung]

“...OK. I’ll give you some space… But you’ll come home, right? Pinkie promise?”

[You pinkie promise and head on your way while your boyfriend watches you go, sadly clutching at a warehouse-sized bouquet]

[Scene transitions to your sister’s apartment]

[You get home from picking up some groceries and notice a few things as you come back inside: namely, the kitchen window being broken and your boyfriend sitting on the couch]

[...Pause…?]

[He rocks a little, claps his hands a few times and looks at you then looks away]

“So, um, I broke in. A little. Just a little! I gave your sister a few million, and bought some pizza for her kid.”

[Pause?]

[He gives a small, manic laugh]

“Am I OK??? No. No, I feel like I’m dying without you. It’s only been a few hours and I miss you so badly, I’m scared, I’m terrified, I NEED you, I need to protect you, every day, all the time… I’ll burn this fucking city to the ground if someone hurts you, OK?”

[Pause]

“Oh, right, babber in the house. I will burn this fricking city to the fricking ground!”

[You sit by him and he immediately just melts in your arms]

“Baby… Please tell me what you need from me to stay. Pretty please? I will do literally anything, sweetheart. Anything!”

[Pause]

[He sighs and pouts against your chest as you play with his hair]

“...You just want me to spend more time with you when I make commitments… Mmh, I know, I know I’ve been bad about that… I promise, I’m not trying to love-bomb you, Baby. Gift giving is my love language, you know?”

[Pause]

“Mhrlglrr, fine… I admit my emotional availability has been shite, even for a crime lord. It’s hard, you know? Throwing grenades and thinking about kissing you, shivving a guy while wondering what you might be doing… I miss you, too, honey bunny. I really do, and if we break-up, I just… I don’t know what I’d do…”

[Pause]

“Yeah, I know you don’t like how brutal my work can be. I know… But I gotta remind the boys who’s boss, you know? It’s gotten a lot safer! We introduced those cute little armor sets you recommended. Hmhm, you’re so smart, Baby. The boys love the daily donuts you suggested. You give this crime syndicate a… human side, I suppose… You give me a human side.”

[Pause]

[He grumbles as you play with his hair]

“Mrarl… Shut up, I am not “cute” when I’m needy. I was beating a guy’s head in earlier today and you’ve got me sat here, emotionally vulnerable, a little broken glass in my suit, telling you how important you are to me…”

[Pause]

[He sighs and pulls you close, still pouting]

“I love you, too… And if you date anyone else, I will make them disappear, you remember that. You’re my Baby. No one else’s, not ever. OK, honey bunny? Daddy doesn’t want to have to kill anyone…”

[That last sentence is very sing-song]

[Pause]

[He makes what you can best describe as: “happy crime boss noises” and nuzzles up to you]

“OK, Baby… I’m sorry I intruded on your space here. Could I maybe make it up to you with some breakfast? Maybe a shopping trip to the mall? Or, whatever you want to do. As long as I’m with you, OK?”

[<3 Pause <3]

[He giggles and gives you a big, domineering, passionate kiss]

“Mmh, kisses. I love my kisses from my Baby. I’ll pick you up at 10 AM, OK? I know you like to sleep in.”

[<3]

[He smiles and stands, going back to the busted window]

“Alright, I reckon I can jump through the window without cutting myself to ribbons… Hmm? Oh, right… the front door. Haha, you’re so smart, my cutie pie. Don’t fall in love with anyone else, OK, or I’ll kill ‘em! Haha, OK, love you Baby. See you tomorrow!”

[Despite your suggestion, he still…]

[SFX: Glass shattering again]

“...Woo, cleared it! Got the love of my life back! Potentially cut my calf open but that’s OK, woo!”

[He grins at you and vaults the balcony railing with one final:]

“I love yoooouuuuu!”

[SFX: A crash and maniacal giggling]

“I GOT ‘EM BACK, BOYS! YOUR BOSS AIN’T SINGLE NO MORE!”

[SFX: A fairly loud cheer and a limo peeling away]

[...he has his good qualities]

[The End?][Your day starts as any other, working your small stall of sweets in the park. 3pm hits, and your favourite customer comes along looking very stressed. The single father makes he way towards you, his daughter running circles around him]

(on the phone, very stressed) Yes I to book one of your character impersonators for my kids birthday party, yes I need to book – What was that princess name… Oh sweetie, sweetie don’t put candy in your hair, remember last time when it hurt a lot and took a lot of time for daddy to get out? – Yes I’m still here, I need to book ah, do you do a Ralph? Or Felix and Calhoun? Yes I know those aren’t princesses but they’re Disney characters right? No please don’t hang up!-

Dammit. That’s another phone call I need to make later. (now towards listener) I’m sorry about that, party planning is more stressful than I thought it would be. I feel like the entire world will come crushing down if I don’t get everything right for my sweetie. Shit, where is she? Ruth? RUTH? Where did she run off to?-

Ah! Don’t run off from daddy, okay? If you want your after school treat you need to stick by my side, okay sweetie? That’s better, now would you like to choose your treat from the pretty lady? Okay okay, calm down, no need to jump all over the place, whilst it is very cute you can’t eat if you’re bouncing everywhere

Hi again, sorry we’re a little more hectic than normal, birthday planning has kind of thrown a wrench in our normal routine so we’ve been very off track today. This morning I forgot to pack her lunch after being up all night ordering the right party supplies, so we had to grab her a Subway on the way. Subway has saved me so many times when we’ve been running late, it helps that its right next to the school too.

I must be talking you ear off, can Ruth get one of your strawberry cake pops and then could I have a chocolate one? My daughter is always so hyper having one of these so hopefully is has the same effect on me. All this party planning has really drained the energy out of me.

Wait, you’ve done kid parties before? I thought you didn’t have any kids? (small pause) I guess it would make sense for you to help with party planning with your business and all. Do all parents struggle with planning their kids birthday parties? It feels like it might be the end of the world if I get one detail wrong.

(small chuckle) Yes! Okay, I’m glad I’m not the only parent that feels this way. I know with two parents it probably makes planning easier but with just me I feel like a cookie about to crumble. (small pause) Wait, you can help? Really? I was beginning to think I was just a lost cause on this.

I will trust your expertise on kids party planning, guide me with your expert knowledge… too much? I thought so too. Anyway, here is my number, we can meet up at mine and discuss plans over a glass of wine? Text me any ideas you have. Thank you so much, you’re a life saver. (away from listener) Ruth! Come on now, and I’ll see you later.

[Time passes, you wait with anticipation at the single dads door. It takes a good minute before he answers the door, his hair messy and shirt covered in toothpaste]

Hey! I’m so sorry I’m such a mess at the moment, little Ruth decided to she didn’t want to put the toothpaste on her toothbrush and instead decided to smear it all over me. Make yourself at home, I already set up some wine glasses in the kitchen so I thought we could brainstorm ideas around the table as soon as I get my little troublemaker to bed and change my shirt.

[He walks away, leaving you to snoop around – I mean make yourself at home. There’s Disney Princess dolls scattered across the room, a plastic castle shaped out of candy, and each of the Wreck it Ralph racers neatly lined up at what seems to be a racetrack marked by two horse figures. You make your way into the kitchen, pouring yourself a glass whilst you wait.]

I’m sorry about making you wait, Ruth was a little lively tonight so convincing her to go to sleep was a battle. I think I may have given her too much bribing candy today, definitely learnt my lesson. Now, where do you recommend we start with this birthday party planning?

I guess the theme would be a good place to begin. Ruth is obsessed with Wreck-It-Ralph at the moment, she wants to dress up as Vanellope on the day. I think if we went with a mix of sweet and car themed stuff, or a way to combine it? Thinking about it too much makes my head spin.

I suppose balloons and decorations would be a good place to start. I was thinking like a similar one to the character she wants to dress up as? I think she has this blue-greenish jacket so that colour would be perfect. Oh yes! Sweet themed party supplies would be perfect to, and should be easy enough to find.

As for how many people, there’s 13 children and it’ll be just be me looking over it. Her mother said she wasn’t coming this year… oh no, we split when Ruth turned 2. She didn’t want to be a mother, so she gave me full custody and since then it’s just been me and my sweetie. I couldn’t ask for anything more, she’s my favourite thing in the entire world. Watching her grow has been amazing… since this is the first party I’m throwing her without her mother visiting, I want to make sure it’s extra special.

Before I bring the mood down, have you got any photos of previous cakes you’ve made for kids parties? Okay wow, you brought an entire folder?

[SFX: Paper flipping]

Holy – you made these cakes? Are you kidding? These are amazing! It’s hard to believe they’re made out of cake, they look almost too good. I say almost mainly because I know firsthand how great your baking skills are.

Don’t flatter yourself, Sugar. (small, awkward pause) Ah, Sorry, my daughter has been calling you Sugar lately and well I have too. She says you’re like the princess of all things sweet and sugar filled so Sugar it was…(flustered) well – ahem – um, yes. You do look like a princess – I mean at least that is what she tells me. Not that I don’t think you’re pretty! I think you’re stunning – I mean. (under breath) Shit…

It’s getting rather late and I don’t wish to keep you up all night. We can get together again tomorrow night to continue planning. Thanks so much for coming and helping me with the planning.

[He quickly hurries you out the door and shuts it as soon as you leave, slumping against it afterwards.]

Oh Sugar, what have I done?[Door opening]
 
Hi darling, how was your day at the embassy? 
 
...
 
That's nice, let me get your coat and sniff your hair, sweety! 
 
[sniffing]
 
Actually I did something productive too, today. 
 
[footsteps]
 
I wrote a new script!
 
I know, I'm so creative! 
 
Oh, how I do it every single day? 
 
I look up some ASMR scripts on Reddit. Some suckers post them there free for all to use...
 
...then I change it a bit. [keyboard clacking] I'm searching and replacing all "spoons" with... uh... "forks" for example...
 
...I'll tell them "the script is all mine" and nobody will know, sweaty!
 
Oh, poppycock! If someone comments on it, I'll delete the comment. 
 
And my twitter DMs are closed. 
 
Sit down, I cooked a television meal for the occasion. Don't worry about the reddit people!
 
It's chicken soup with gorgonzola and shrimps. 
 
Here, take a fork.
 
Take a bite! 
 
There you go. 
 
Let me comb your hair, while you are eating. 
 
[binaural hair combing sounds interjected with creepy sniffing]
 
What? You call it stealing? 
 
You might say it's unethical, but it's the internet so it doesn't really count. 
 
[sad] And after all, I didn't have it easy in life!
 
I didn't grow up with a silver fork in my mouth!
 
... [wimpers]
 
It's ok, it's ok, gorgeous. I don't want to burden you with my tragic but sexy upbringing!
 
It's ok.
 
[under the breath like Jim Carrey would whisper when annoyed] It's Okay!
 
What do you want to watch tonight?  
 
[binaural magazine browsing] There is a movie with Rheese Whitersfork on... Legally Blonde 3, the reckoning. Apparently shits gone real for Elle Woods. She is trapped in a building with terrorists.
 
Hm. Yeah might be to aggravating after your hard day arguing with the delegate of Sinovia.
 
Should we instead listen to an LP? I got some new vintage vinyl from the picturesque record shop in carpenter street!
 
What it is? The name of the record is "Summer in the city". 
 
Oh... it's by a 60s prog rock band called... The lovin' Forkfull.
 
...
 
Oh, I'm sorry. You have a headache? You should lie down! 
 
Let's go to bed. 
 
One thing honey: 
 
Do you want to be big fork or little fork tonight? 
 
 
[Editors note: A previous version of this script had the vinyl LP be "Odgens nut gone" which was really named "Odgens nut gone flake" and was by the small faces. The lovin' spoonful did "Summer in the city"  and "do you believe in magic". Which is tragic because "Odgens nut gone flake" is objectively the funnier name for an album.][Door bell SFX]

(Muffled voice) Wait a minute.

(Pause)

I'm coming I'm coming

[Door opens SFX]

Woah- have mercy on my precious ears. Why are you screaming?

(Pause)

Oh fuck. Sorry I forgot to wear my shirt. Wait a second.

(Pause)

Yeah. Hi! How are you and who are you?

(Pause)

Mrs. Altman? Who is that?

(Pause)

Look lady I have no fucking idea who Mrs. Altman is but are those cookies in your hands?

(Pause)

No she doesn't. I live here now(smiling). I'm your new neighbour. Hi.

(Pause)

Wha- Stop smiling? Why?

(Pause)

You know most girls would die for this look of mine, shirtless and smirking. But whatever, your loss.

(Pause)

I'm an asshole? (Scoffs) Then how come you're blushing?

(Pause)

Yes you are. (Cocky) I'm an asshole but I'm a pretty smart asshole, charming too. And this asshole's got eyes. Your cheeks have turned so red, we can use them as fucking traffic lights.

(Pause)

What's my problem? What's YOUR problem? I am literally the most unproblematic person on this earth and the first thing you do when you meet me is try to pick a fight.

(Pause)

Unless.... Girls do this right? They act all rude and mean with guys they find attractive. Now I see what's happening here. Of course you just couldn't resist how good looking I am so to make it easier, instead of seeking me, you're trying to be my enemy.

So? You find me attractive huh? (Smirking)

(Pause)

Hey- Stop hitting me. Girls are gonna get mad at you for ruining my pretty face!

(Pause)

I am unbelievable? Yes I am. I am unbelievably hot.

(Pause)

[Teasing] Aww leaving so soon? Don't you wanna get more acquainted with your new hot, smart and charming as fuck neighbour?

[Listener starts to walk away and towards her apartment]

[Yelling] Hey but this asshole's got a name you know! It's Caleb!

(Pause)

That's a pretty name. Try not to think about me all day. Bye!

[After a few days]

[Door bell rings]

[Door opens SFX]

Hi! It's me. You... don't seem too happy to see me....

Anyways, Umm I'm out of milk and I really need some coffee right now.

(Pause)

So could I borrow some milk from you?

(Pause)

Because I'm lazy okay. It's 8 in the morning. There is no way I'm going out to get milk when I'm this sleepy. Plus I've got such nice, sweet and helpful neighbours. Why would I go out when I can just get it from you?

(Pause)

What am I doing? I'm putting my foot in between so you can't close the door. Now you are going to let me in like a good girl.

(Pause)

Who said I can come in? I did.

Woahh what were you doing exactly? Are those books? Wow, haven't seen those in years. Seriously how do you even look at those things without falling asleep.

What the fuck you've got like a bunch of these. How much does this one weigh? We could use one of these in my gym instead of dumbbells. (Laughing)

(Pause)

Okay so by the look you're giving me I should probably leave as fast as I can. Just give me milk and I'll get going.

(Pause)

Actually....

(Sheepish) Could I also borrow some coffee? And... sugar too? Fine! Fine! Don't yell at me! I forgot to go grocery shopping okay! Could you just make me some coffee here instead? Please? I'll make it up to you.

(Pause)

How? I don't know, you tell me. What do you want?

(Pause)

Answer your questions? That's wierd... but okay. What do you wanna know?

(Pause)

Why am I out all night? Umm- I... I have night shifts at a company. That is why I am out all night. Because of work.

(Pause)

Uh it's not that popular yet. It's just a small start up company. And the investors are from a foreign country so they keep meetings sometimes, that's why we have to work night shifts as well.

(Pause)

My car? It's... not that expensive. It's just a normal car. Anyone could've bought it (nervous laugh)

(Pause)

Wait- you know the name of the model? How? That car is one of a kind! Only 29 of them were ever made. 1955 Schwarz Drei CLS, Gull-wing doors, 2995 cc single overhead camshaft- Fuck. You've found a way to get through me. Why do you keep asking me these questions? Why do you care if my car is expensive or not? Why do you wanna know what I do when I'm out all night?

Wait, how did you know I'm out all night? Are you like... a stalker?

(Pause)

Just curious? (Scoffs) Sounds like stalking to me. By the way, you didn't answer my question. How did you know the name of the model?

(Pause)

Holy fuck what? You're studying to become a mechanical engineer? Damn that's... Interesting. That explains all those thick bunch of books on your dining table.

So, you live here alone? All by yourself? Don't you get lonely?

(Pause)

I know I live alone too. But I've got my reasons. What are yours?

[Listener pours the coffee in a mug and tosses it to you]

Oh thanks. So, you were saying...

[You listen to her telling about her future plans, while sipping on your coffee]

Ohh wow, you've got your whole life planned on a map huh? Living away from home for college, doing jobs even when you have rich parents, preparing for masters in a different country. Does it even go according to your plans?

(Pause)

So far it has? That's nice. Let's see if it still goes the same way.... (Smirking) Now that I'm here.

Shut up don't get all worked up now, I was kidding.

(Pause)

My parents? What about them?

(Pause)

I don't have any parents.

(Pause)

No. I used to live in foster homes. They kept hoping to find a family who would adopt me but by that time I was already 18 and had already lived in 4 foster homes. All of which didn't really give a fuck about me.

(Pause)

No don't be sorry. I don't really care anymore. I'm just happy I'm free now. Free to do whatever I want, whoever I want to meet, wherever I wanna go.

(Pause)

Tonight? No I won't be home. Why?

(Pause)

A potluck? With the neighbours? You really think I would be willing to come to one of those. You don't know anything about me, do you?

(Pause)

I'm not being mean, I just have a race- A MEETING! I have a meeting at 2 am with one of our investors. So no, I can't come for the potluck. I wouldn't have come even if I wasn't busy. Way too cringey for me.

(Pause)

Calm down foxy, I'm not obligated to do any of that okay. I pay my rent, I've done my part as a resident of this building.

(Pause)

By the way, thanks for the coffee. I appreciate it. I'll leave now.

[Footsteps start]

[You give the listener a small smile and walk towards the door before she calls out to you and stops you.]

[Footsteps stop]

[Door opens SFX]

Yeah? What is it?

(Pause)

Tone it down a little? What do you mean?

(Pause)

(Embarassed) Oh... last night. You heard that? (Chuckles) I'm not surprised. We didn't even try to be quiet.

(Pause)

I can't help you with that foxy. You're just going to have to get used to it. And to correct you, that wasn't my girlfriend. Just a random girl who wanted to have some fun.

(Pause)

I know I'm a jerk. But that still doesn't stop girls from drawing towards me. So guess who wins in the end?

That's right. Have fun at the potluck foxy. Don't miss me too much.

[Door closes SFX]*The sounds of people talking and walking through the hallways are all around Listener as she exits the lecture hall. Just as she begins to walk down the hallway, a man steps up next to her, clearing his throat.*

“Excuse me, hi. Sorry to bother you but I uh… I wanted to ask you something, I guess?”

*Confused, Listener asks if she knows him.*

*Slightly bashful* “Uh, no, I don’t think you know me. I mean, we’re in the same dorm and had a humanities class together last semester, but I don’t think we’ve actually interacted beyond a few seconds of eye contact.”

*Listener, starting to feel uneasy, takes a step back.*

“Wait, sorry, I know that sounds weird. God, I’m terrible at things like this.”

*Narrator sighs, clearly starting to feel embarrassed.*

*Hesitant* “I… Uh… There was something I wanted to talk to you about, I guess? Shit, there’s really no good way to say this. Could we maybe talk about this somewhere else? Somewhere we aren’t surrounded by people?”

(Pause)

“I promise it’s nothing weird or creepy. At least, it’s nothing creepy. Despite the way I felt the need to clarify that I’m not being creepy.”

*Listener asks Narrator what he wants to talk about.*

“Um… I can’t really say it right here. That’s why I’m asking you if we can go somewhere more private.”

*Listener tells Narrator that she’s not going anywhere until he explains what he needs to talk about.*

*Growing more nervous* “Listen, I really can’t tell you right now, but I promise I’ll explain if we just go somewhere else. Please, can we just go like, anywhere else? What about the hallway right over here, beside the locker rooms?

*Listener refuses unil Narrator explains why they need to talk to her.*

*Still nervous, but growing a bit frustrated.* “I-I just told you, I can’t tell you right here. There’s too many people here for-”

*Listener turns begin to walk away.*

“Shit, wait! Wait, please!”

*Narrator catches up to Listener in a few quick steps.*

“Fine, I’ll explain here, just… Stand still so I can tell you.”

*Listener stands still, albeit reluctantly, as Narrator lets out a tense sigh.*

“Just… please don’t… get mad at me, okay? I’m really not trying to be creepy or an asshole, I swear.”

(Pause)

*Leaning down to whisper in Listener’s ear* “Okay, so the reason I need to talk to you is… Oh god I can’t believe I’m actually telling you this but… I need you to take control and make a mess of me. Like, really ruin me.”

*Surprised, Listener takes a stumbling step backwards as Narrator makes an embarrassed noise.*

*Flustered* “I-I mean, not in that way! We just met and I definitely don’t expect you to just, y’know…! I just meant, uh… Oh, god, everyone is looking at us now. Can we please go somewhere else now?”

*Confused and intrigued, Listener agrees and walks through the busy, talkative crowd with Narrator, going to the aforementioned hallway. This offshooting hallway next to the locker room is much quieter than the one they had been in. Only two pairs of footsteps can be heard in the otherwise empty hall. Narrator sighs when they finally come to a stop further down the hall where no prying eyes can see them.*

*Bashful* "Thanks for coming with me. It's just so awkward to talk about things like that when we're around so many people and there's a chance that they can all hear us."

*Listener bluntly asks Narrator what he meant when he said that he wants Listener to ‘ruin him.’*

“Oh, yeah, I guess I should probably explain what I meant back there, shouldn’t I?”

(Pause)

*Sheepish, apologetic* “Yeah, ‘obviously,’ I know. I’m sorry about that, but you said you wouldn’t come with me unless I told you why I needed to talk to you! So I told you, but, like I was saying, it’s something that we would be better off talking about in private."

*Listener gives Narrator a deadpan look, saying nothing.*

"Right, I should start explaining myself, shouldn't I?"

*A brief awkward silence follows before Narrator before he clears his throat.*

"I have a thing for nerdy girls. I just think they're really cute and sweet, but also determined and smart. Like, they're so passionate about what they like, and they can give you whiplash when they talk about even the simplest things. They just know so much about everything, and I think that's really hot.”

*Listener remarks that they don’t know everything, they have probably acquired enough knowledge about so many things that it seems like they know everything, but they have probably have a select few fields in which their interest has brought them more extensive knowledge. They list a few examples about their own interests and the research they’ve done into them. Narrator sighs dreamily.*

“Yes, exactly like that! See, that kind of thing is super hot to me. The way you just find something you want to know and keep learning about it until you’re satisfied. I just really admire that."

(Pause)

"Yeah, really. It's just… I dunno, something about how invested nerdy girls get into their work, it's so cool. Like, you know, that whole 'it's about drive, it's about power' mindset. It's so impressive to see how much they focus on something. The sheer amount of attention they can devote to what they're doing is stunning."

*Narrator laughs softly, still bashful.*

*Voice quieter now, almost whispering* "If I'm honest, I always wanted to be the center of that kind of focus. I think it would be intimidating, but also really exciting. And that's partially why I'm talking to you right now."

*Listener asks him to explain.*

"Well, I wanted to talk to you because… Because I just can't take it anymore! I want to have a nerdy girl make me all weak in the knees and get me to blush, and you're the perfect candidate. You're my dream girl."

*Listener, surprised, needs a minute to take in what Narrator has said before asking Narrator to elaborate.*

“Why you? There’s a lot of reasons you’re exactly who I’m looking for. You’re really smart and clever. Listening to you talk is absolutely mesmerizing, I could do it all day. You’re absolutely adorable, especially when you’re focused. Or when you’re angry. Or whenever you’re passionate about something really. But speaking of you being angry, you have quite the temper on you, too. I find it pretty attractive, actually. Your personality is just so - how do I even describe it? Fun? Fascinating? Bright? Ooh, yeah, bright! You’ve got a really bright personality, and let me just say, I’m like a moth for bright, pretty girls like you!”

*Narrator laughs, amused by his own corny pick up line. Listener bluntly asks him why he wants her to ‘ruin him.’*

“Oh right! So basically, the reason I want you to kiss me senseless is because, to put it simply, I can’t stop thinking about you. You have that lecture class three times a week, right? Monday, Wednesday, Friday, every week. And every week, you sit in the same spot in that lecture hall. Well, you know there’s one wall of that classroom that’s just glass? That wall actually faces the gym that’s connected to the locker rooms right behind us. I wasn’t sure if you even noticed that, given how you actually pay attention to that class, but since the gym has glass walls, too. From some spots, you can even see into the gym, and I can see into the classroom.”

“So usually, when I’m doing certain workouts, I can see you while I do them. And I’m only human, so when I see a really pretty girl who looks like she’s my type, I can’t help but keep looking. Especially when I keep seeing that same pretty girl in that same class every time I’m in the gym. I figured that, eventually, I’d be able to quit thinking about you while I work out and actually get my head back into it. But as time passed, I just kept looking at you more, and I realized that I just couldn’t stop thinking about you at all. You were just so magnetic, and I couldn't get you out of my head."

"Of course, I started having little daydreams about you. Talking to you in the halls, asking you to help me with my homework, holding your hand while we study together… The more I thought about you, the more romantic the daydreams got. Then one day, I thought about what it would be like if we kissed. I thought about how it would feel to pin you to the wall and make out with you. But I realized pretty quick that I'd honestly like it much better the other way around. After I thought about that, though, it's like it consumed me. All I could think about was you, grabbing me and pushing up against the wall. It didn't matter where; in the library while we were studying, in the elevator back at the dorms, in the locker room after I was changing. I just wanted you, your hands on me as you kissed me until I couldn't breathe. I still want that, honestly. It's like I said, I can't stop thinking about you. I want you to make me weak in the knees and leave me speechless. I want you to look up at me with those pretty eyes and tell me that you’re going to kiss me, and then do it. I want you to kiss me how you want, however you want, and when I’m gasping for breath, I want you to tell me that I’m yours. “

“Like I said, I just can’t get that thought out of my head, and it’s starting to affect everything. My grades were fairly good, but they’re starting to drop and I’m having a hard time pulling them back up. My coworkers keep telling me that I’m zoning out during my shifts. Hell, even when I’m working out now, it’s so hard to focus that I usually have to have someone count my reps so I don’t get confused and have to start over. You’re completely taking over my every thought, and I can't handle it anymore! So I’m here, asking you if you’ll push me up against the wall and kiss me, just this once, so I can get my head back to normal. And that is… Yeah, that’s everything I wanted to tell you.”

*There’s a long pause as Listener processes everything.*

“So… What do you think-?”

*Listener cuts Narrator off, telling him that she needs more time to think.*

*Understanding, reassuring* “More time to think? I totally understand that. Take all the time you need. No pressure.”

*Listener is silent as she thinks. Narrator starts to hum a nonsensical but cheerful tune to pass the time.*

*Puppy-like excitement* “Oh! Did you decide what you want to do? Did you want to kiss me? I mean, you can tell me no, I’m definitely not going to force you into anything. I’m not that kind of guy, I swear. My first impression was weird to say the least, so I wouldn’t blame you at all-”

*Listener cuts Narrator off mid-sentence by putting her hands on his shoulders and quickly pushing him against the wall behind him. Narrator gasps, but quickly ends up laughing in surprised excitement.*

“Wait, are- are you going to kiss me right now? Oh my god. Do you want to*?* Kiss me, I mean? Do you really want to kiss me? Because I would absolutely love that. A lot. I would love to kiss you right now.”

*With no other words, Listener leans forward and presses her lips against Narrator’s. She isn’t rough or aggressive, but she is assertive, hands holding Narrator in place as she moves her lips against his. Narrator happily complies with Listener’s kiss, following her movements. When they pull away, Narrator laughs, giddy.*

“Oh, that’s even better than how I thought it would feel! Your lips are so soft and warm. And when you did that little thing where you like, bit my lip- Hot damn, that felt good. What flavor of lip gloss are you wearing? It tasted different, I don’t think I’ve ever tried that kind before.”

(Short Pause)

“Lavender? Huh. I didn’t even know they made lip gloss in that flavor. Don’t get me wrong, I like it. It’s unique, and it suits you. Sweet, but strong. It tastes so good on you.”

*Listener responds positively to the statement before kissing Narrator again, her hands sliding down to his chest while still keeping him pressed against the wall. The first kiss turns into making out, occasionally breaking for a breath before kissing again. After several kisses, Listener asks a breathless Narrator if this is what he had in mind when he said he wanted Listener to ‘ruin him.’*

*Breathless* “No- No, this is so much better. Holy hell, I could never have imagined anything feeling this good. Your hands on my chest, how close you’re standing to me, your lips against mine. I didn’t even get close to how amazing this is. You are so much better in real life than my mind could have let me imagine. Could you, you know-”

*Before Narrator even gets a chance to finish his question, Listener is kissing him again. They kiss several more times before pulling away.*

*Slightly out of breath, but very happy* “Hey, so I know I said that I’d just ask you to make out with me this one time, but can I ask you a different question? Because I’d be an absolute idiot if I didn’t shoot my shot and ask you out to dinner right now.”

*Listener responds that yes, she’ll go on a date with Narrator.*

“Aw, hell yeah! I was really hoping you’d say yes! I was really worried you wouldn’t because of how I just walked right up to you and begged you to make out with me.”

*Listener laughs, telling him that she thought his begging was cute.*

“Hey, if you thought the begging was cute, then I’m glad I did it. Hell, I’ll beg for you any time you want.”

(Pause)

“Well, if that’s the case, then can I please, please, please have another kiss? Please? I promise I won’t ask for more than that.”

*Listener (more or less gently) grabs Narrator by the collar of his shirt and drags him into another kiss.*

*Breathless* “Wow. Yeah. That was- That was perfect. I am never, ever going to get tired of that.”

*Narrator laughs as he sheepishly runs a hand through his hair.*

“So, do you want to go get dinner tonight, then? You probably have a few more classes to go to after this, and I have to go shower before my math class, so how about we meet up around six-thirty, near the first floor commons? Does that sound good?”

*Listener responds that it does.*

“Perfect, it’s a date! I’ll see you then! Oh wait, actually, can I have one more kiss? You know, for the road? Just to tide me over until I see you again? Pretty please?”

*Listener gives Narrator a final quick kiss before telling Narrator that she needs to go to her next class but she’ll see him again later.*

*Flirty/joking* “Aw, I don’t want you to go! I miss you being so close to me already! But I guess I’ll be okay, since I have your kisses to keep me warm. I’ll see you later, my beautiful little brainiac. Have fun in class, I can’t wait for our date!”