[START]

 Quietly talking to herself. sighs "Finally, home sweet home."

Sound of her closing the front door and pulling her boots off.

 Quietly to herself and sounding giddy. "Hubby is gonna be so excited that I got the latest 'Teenage-Something-Ninja-Cat-Girl' manga."

 "Huh...it's so quiet...honey!? I'm home!!"

Sound of her walking upstairs and opening a couple of doors as she checks from room to room.

 "Hey there you ar-Hey hey hey! what happened!?"

Sound of her quickly sprinting over to the listener and crouching down in front of them.

 "Hey! honey don't flinch away from me, it's me, your girlfriend!"

Sound of rustling as the listener once again flinches away from her.

 "W-What...happened? I've never seen you this upset before, please tell me."

 "No I won't get mad, I promise."

 "I mean it, I won't get mad no matter what you tell me."

 "Please? at this rate, I'm worried you might actually get a heart attack or something just as serious!"

 "Huh? yeah of course I remember, it was only last Christmas that my mom gifted me that vase."

 "...It...broke?"

 "So you accidentally knocked it over while I was gone?"

 "This is what got you soo upset, made you have a full-blown panic attack?"

 "Oh honey... it was a genuine mistake, I'm not gon-"

She gets cut off by the sound of the listener flinching further away from her.

 "Please honey, I only want to hug you, I can't stand seeing you so upset."

 "Y-You thought I was going to hit you?"

She releases a shocked and shakey sigh.

 "Listen...I know that we've only been dating for a half year now...a-and I don't know everything about your past, but I. Will. Never. Hit. You. Ever."

 "And if you ever happen to do and or say anything that will make me angry, sad, shocked, whatever, I'm not gonna hit you for any reason."

 "When you have concerns over something or something made upset you, what do you do?"

 "That's right! you talk to me! you calmly approach me and talk with me about it, no mean words, no shouting, no hitting."

 "It's something that has only made me fall more in love with you over time, and it's also the way that I like to solve problems or bring up concerns."

 "So please don't ever think I would hit you."

 "Your Ex? you never said much about them, not that I mind, but now that makes even more sense."

 "What? this went on throughout the entirety of it?"

 "I don't understand how someone can be so awful, hurt someone like you, someone who always means well."

Sound of cloth rustling as she hugs the listener, her voice is from here on really close and either on the listener's left or right side.

 "Shhh shhh I've got you, darling, I've got you."

Sounds of her stroking the listener's hair begin from here till the end.

 "I've got you and I'm not going to hurt you, neither am I going to let anyone else hurt you."

 "Oh yes, I've got you and I'm not letting go until you feel better."

She gives the listener a kiss.

 "I love you too."

 "Don't worry about the vase, I can just replace it, I can't replace you."

 "There is only one you, only one you that can make me swoon, laugh, and smile like that."

 "Only one you that I'm gonna marry."

 "Oh yes I will marry you, you can bet your sweet buns I will."

 "...Actually don't bet your buns, your sweet buns are only for me."

A minute of comfortable silence, only her breathing and the sounds of her still stroking the listener's hair being audible.

 "Feeling better? yeah? okay."

 "Now I got something that might cheer you up, something we'll both love."

 "Now let me just lean against the bedframe like this and then pull you on my lap..."

Cloth rustling as she pulls the listener on her lap.

 "...like that! giggle"

 "In the store, I was not just able to find cookies and such but also...the latest manga of 'Teenage-Something-Ninja-Cat-Girl'!!!!"

 "So now we can just read it together, with you all snug on my lap, in fact, I'm going to read it to you."

Her voice starts fading out as she starts reading to the listener.

 "Despite her archnemesis's attempts to thwart her plans, Silver Cat was to defeat him and send her back to prison, but now she has a new obstacle in her way...another book club meeting!!"

[END]