 "How did you manage it? I need to know!"

 "THIS!! all of this right here!"

 "Look at me, I'm wearing an apron for hell's sake!!"

 "O-Oh thank you...I do look good in it don't I? that's why I'm wearing it..."

 "N-No WAIT YOU'RE DOING IT AGAIN!!!"

 "Don't look at me like that, you know exactly what I'm talking about."

 Growls. "I'm wearing an apron, I'm baking cookies right now for us...y-you...you turned me into your housewife!!"

 "I'M LUCIFER DAMMIT!!"

 "I'm Lucifer the leader of hell, the evilest being in existence!!!"

 "But then you come around with your...y-your sweet, sexy, kind ways and then...suddenly we were together and...I left hell for good...and then...we got married."

 "How did this even happen?"

 "Oh nonononono, I'm not saying I don't like it, I just don't understand how you managed this."

 "..."With my love for you" that is soo cheesy but also soo you, so cute you, c'mere!"

Sound of her peppering the listener's face with kisses.

 "Huh? oh yeah, I do smell something bur-MY COOKIES!!!"


 "So uh...nervous chuckle. I kinda burned that plate of cookies..."

 "The oven is fine, but the cookies are bad, even worst than angel food."

 "Oh yeah angel food is bad, anything they do up there is bad. shudders."

 "Yucky angels aside, that plate was my last batch of...four...so we have more than enough to eat still."

 "Yes I made four batches! I can't help myself okay, you're just so cute when you're eating my cookies, and then you-ugh. I could make cookies all day for you and your sweet cheeks."

 "See, this is what you've turned me into...a housewife."



 "Damm right I like it, I love the sound of it, your wife, it has an intoxicating ring to it~"

 "Not as intoxicating as you though~"

 "Oh? is that right? well you're in luck, I used my powers to make the bed capable of...withstanding your wild side, no more interruptions from the bed breaking."

 "Hmm? how my day was? pretty normal."

 "Yeah I went out this morning to buy some things from the store downtown, everything was fine till Veronica showed up."

 "I swear she's the densest woman out there, she still isn't picking up on the fact that A. we're not friends, and B. I DON'T WANNA HEAR HER BLOODY STORIES!!"

 "She just kept going on and on about her job and some Joe who I don't even know, but the worst thing is that she called me Lucy!! only you can only call me that..."

 "I know...I know, gotta leave that stress behind."

 "...I'm not sorry if I light her on fire the next time."

 "No I don't care, if I have to endure that again I'm setting her on fire."

 "Come on, let's grab some cookies and cuddle up on the bed, you can pick a movie, and later we can get...lusty~"

 Chuckles. "Of course I'm grabbing some beers as well."