[Seductive] Well well, what do we have here today?
 
(Giggle)
 
Ahh, it would appear that you summoned me directly to your bedroom.
 
What lewd intentions did you have? (Giggle)
 
I suppose there is no one better than a succubus for all those debaucherous ideas.
 
…
 
[Surprised] You… wanted me to cuddle you to sleep?
 
That is the reason you summoned me?
 
…
 
[Understanding] Well, that would explain this more cozy attire I arrived in. Usually I would’ve appeared in something far more revealing but this is comfy.
 
You have great taste in nightgowns. (Giggle)
 
…
 
[Caring] Oh Honey, No. It *is* absolutely acceptable to summon me for this. I just never have actually been summoned for a snuggling appointment before.
 
I know people usually think of *other* reasons when they summon a succubus but this is a perfectly valid reason.
 
…
 
Of course, Honey. Everyone gets lonely.
 
You do not need to feel bad. 
 
Loneliness can affect the heart of anyone.
 
You are absolutely not the only person to ever summon a succubus for that reason. I mean it
 
…
 
Of course, you are not.
 
It seems only natural that we are perfect for this.
 
When we are summoned, it is based entirely on your preferences. 
 
Height, body type, hair…We are even summoned in the clothing that you prefer the most, as I pointed out already.
 
(Giggle) We are practically perfect for being a cuddling partner.
 
So there is absolutely no shame in needing one of us to come and snuggle with you. 
 
Everyone could use some TLC sometime.
 
(Forehead Kiss)
 
Now come one, let's go ahead and lay down.
 
So we can get more comfortable. (Giggle)
 
< Bed sounds as they both lay down >
 
There we go, might I say this bed is wonderful.
 
The perfect size for us to get very cozy. 
 
(Giggle)
 
Honey, you don’t need to be so shy about getting in bed with a succubus.
 
Bring it in closer.
 
…Closer
 
[Quietly] Closer.
 
There we go!
 
Now, I can wrap my arms around you [Stretching] and bring you in close.
 
See, we might as well get close since we are both laying in bed together silly.
 
I forgot to ask the first time but are you comfortable with kisses on the forehead?
 
…
 
Good, I find them quite effective in calming one and making them feel safe and cared for. 
 
(Kiss)
{{ Voice can be a bit quieter here since the 2 are laying down closer compared to the beginning of the script. I also suggested some spots where you can whisper a line put feel free to put in as many whispers as you wish }}
 
Now, I’m sure you didn’t *just* summon me here for only cuddling.
 
I know you need a little pillowtalk, am I correct? 
 
…
 
No, Honey it’s okay. It really is.
 
Like I said, everyone needs some TLC sometime.
 
For this time that you have summoned me, I am here to take care of you.
 
If you just need me to hold you close and make you feel safe, I can do just that.
 
…
 
Everything is okay right now, Honey.
 
You know, you really should be getting more sleep.
 
…
 
Oh yes, I can tell.
 
It doesn’t take a scientist to see that, Honey.
 
Just taking one little look at you and looking into your eyes, I can see that you need much more sleep.
 
Which is exactly what I am here to help you with.
 
You do have to get some good rest before work.
 
I can almost feel all stress on you. I know work can be hard, especially if you are working overtime a bunch. 
 
So when you are laying down with me, just let it all go and relax in my arms. 
 
I’ll make everything feel better. 
 
Whether you feel lonely, sad, stressed or anything bad.
 
Close your eyes for a minute.
 
And just listen to my voice.
 
Feel my warm embrace.
 
Just relax and let those muscles rest.
 
Anything you have been holding in right now.
 
Tension… stress… emotions
 
Let it all out.
 
[Whispered] You are perfectly safe in my arms. 
 
(Kiss)
 
Breathe in… and out.
 
Breathe in… and out.
 
You can snuggle a little closer to me if you want.
 
You can press your weary heads against my chest.
 
It’s exactly the shape you wanted it to be (Giggle)
 
Just feel my hand as I slowly brush my fingers across your back.
 
Just feel as I move them, gently brushing you.
 
All that matters right now is you.
 
I am here to comfort you and make sure that you are cared for.
 
(Kiss)
 
You are perfectly safe right now.
 
This can be our little moment where everything freezes. 
 
If you can let go of it, please do.
 
[Whispers] Let nothing else matter right now other than your happiness and comfort. 
 
There you go, Honey.
 
Let all that tension in your back fade out. In your shoulders too. 
 
Let it all melt away, as you melt into my arms. 
 
Just feel the warmth of my touch as it soothes you. 
 
(Kiss)
 
You have been carrying so much, I could just hear it in your voice. 
 
I could feel it in your breathing. 
 
If you need to, you can let out some tears. You don’t have to hold anything in.
 
I am here to wipe them off of your pretty little cheeks. (Soft Giggle)
 
There is nothing else you need to do right now other than let go. 
 
Let all those stressful thoughts fade and just listen to my voice. 
 
Let me soothe that beautiful mind and body of yours.
 
Let me take off some of that weight you have been carrying.
 
(Kiss)
 
You are perfect… I mean it. 
 
(Giggle)
 
I know that you don’t tell yourself that enough which is why I am doing so. 
 
[Whispered] You are a beautiful person and you need to not be so hard on yourself. 
 
You don’t give yourself nearly enough credit. 
 
I don’t even need to use my magic to figure that out about you.
 
It’s all in the way you carry yourself.
 
I can feel it all, which is why I know exactly how you are feeling. 
 
You *are* a good person and you should love yourself.
 
…
 
No no no. I don’t want to hear any rebuttal.
 
Say it. “I am a good person and I should love myself more”
 
Please say it.
 
…
 
Excellent.
 
(Kiss)
 
It all starts with that. 
 
Once you start being a little more positive to yourself, you will begin to feel better.
 
Every part of you will start to feel better from your head, to your toes, to even your heart.
 
Like a weight being lifted slowly.
 
You know, you are just amazing to snuggle with. 
 
Seriously, *I* feel like I’m the lucky one to be snuggled in bed with someone as wonderful as you.
 
You are the perfect fit for my hugs.
 
You are so sweet and gentle it just melts my heart.  
 
And so cute!
 
(Giggle)
 
Feeling how your body slowly relaxes with every word I say.
 
Those little goosebumps as my lips get closer to your ears. 
 
[Whisper] I love feeling how your body tingles..
 
It makes me feel warm inside knowing that you are enjoying this and resting. 
 
Just holding you, as you close your eyes and nuzzle into me.
 
Running my fingers across your back. 
 
Kissing your forehead so gently 
 
(Kiss)
 
Just feel my loving touch as I hold you close.
 
Do you want me to hold your hand too?
 
…
 
(Giggle) Of course I can, Honey.
 
You’re so cute.
 
Now lets work on keeping those eyes closed.
 
Let those eyelids get heavier and heavier.
 
Let everything around you fade as you drift off into a dream. 
 
Your body slowly comes to complete rest from everything. 
 
I can use a little bit of succubus magic to help you drift off if you need it but you seem to be actually resting just from my presence.
 
(Kiss)
 
Excellent, just drift off Honey.
 
I will be here with you all night. 
 
If you at all wake up, I’ll feel it and I’ll help you relax back to sleep. 
 
If you need to change positions, I will move with you as gently as possible. 
 
[Whispered] I am here specifically to help you fall completely asleep and I am not leaving you at all tonight. 
 
Not until the morning, I am all yours, Honey.
 
I will keep you safe and comforted tonight. 
 
(Kiss)
 
With all the kisses and cuddles you need. 
 
Just rest with me, and let your mind drift off for the night.
 
You have a big day tomorrow and need all the rest you can get. 
 
And tomorrow night, if you need me..
 
You can always summon me back.
 
I’ll go ahead and mark you. So whenever you need my presence.
 
I’m just a spell away, whether it's for some more cuddling, resting or even just a nap.
 
You ask, and I’ll be here for you again.
 
(Kiss)
 
Now rest, Honey.
 
Hold on and drift off into the sweetest dream with me.
 
( Humming )
{{ Hum a tune of your choosing and fade to end. }}