(Tone is caring) 
Commander? 
*Beat*
Commander?
*Beat*
There you are; big sis was so worried about you. 
What are you still doing? Working at this hour that is? 
(She walks up to the listener)
You don’t seem fine at all. 
You look like you’re a few seconds away from collapsing. 
That isn’t healthy. 
*Beat*
Come on, let big sister take care of you. 
Don’t be shy now. 
*Beat*
That’s it, I’ll bring you to my room, feel free to rest against me if you need to. 
It won’t bother me, in fact, I would enjoy it. *Giggles* 
(Walking sounds) 
It isn’t far. 
You should really come and visit me some time, I would hate if this became a normal occurrence, seeing you in this state makes me so sad. 
*Beat* 
(Walking stops) 
Here we are. 
(Door opens) 
Come on, follow big sister. 
(They walk in; door closes) 
*Beat*
(They sit down on the bed)
You’re so tense. 
Sit on big sister’s lap, I’ll take good care of you. 
*Beat*
That’s it, commander, lean back and rest your head against my bosom. 
Don’t worry commander, big sis is here for you. 
I know, why don’t I clean your ears a little bit. 
I always keep some tools on me in case anyone needs it. 
It’s always good to have clean ears, especially in our line of work. 
Wouldn’t want to go and get ambushed now, would we? 
*Beat*
Just relax. 
I’ll start by brushing around your ears… like this. 
(Brushing sounds start) 
Are your ears sensitive? You shivered a little when I started brushing. 
You should never be afraid to ask me to do this. 
Big sister is always willing to help out her favorite commander. 
Although, I think it’s cute when you act all nervous. 
I hope you don’t think that I see you in a negative light, I honestly prefer you like this. 
You resting against me while I take care of you. 
It’s all I could ever want. 
*Beat*
All right, I should switch to the other ear. 
(Brushing switches to the other ear) 
When was the last time you cleaned your ears? 
I haven’t even finished brushing and I can already tell that they’re quite dirty. 
There’s no need to be embarrassed, commander, I just wish you would’ve told me. 
At this point I’m less concerned about any loss of hearing due to buildup and more concerned that your cute little ears might be hurting. 
Don’t worry, big sis will take care of you. 
(Brushing sounds stop)
Alright, this next part might feel a little strange, but your ears are so sensitive that I’m sure you’ll enjoy it. 
(Earpick sounds) 
You should close your eyes commander, you’re safe. 
That’s it. 
*Beat* 
There’s quite a lot of buildup, it might take some time, but I don’t think you’ll mind. 
*Beat*
You’re really adorable, I hope you know that. 
I wanted to do this ever since I first laid eyes on you. 
It’s just the way you hold yourself. 
You try to hide this side of you, but you really don’t fool anyone, you definitely didn’t fool me. 
Whether or not we say it, it’s the job of every ship to protect you just as it’s your job to guide us. 
You cannot have one side without the other. 
So, you shouldn’t be afraid of being taken care of. 
*A minute or so of silence with just the earpick sounds*
And now for the other ear. 
(Earpick switches sides) 
*Some more silence with more earpick sounds*
You look so peaceful. 
*Giggle* 
*Silence with the sounds to balance both earpick audio sections* 
(Earpick sounds stop)
Alright, now to remove the broken-up bits of earwax. 
You’ll hear some scratching sounds but that’s fine. 
Big sis also noticed that you’re shaking, my ear cleaning must feel good. 
(Scraping sounds) 
*Humming gently* 
(No dialogue for this section. You can choose how long this part lasts) 
(Scraping sounds stop) 
Now to brush away any remaining specks. 
(Brushing sounds start again) 
You’re being so good for me. 
I bet that you can hear so much better now. 
(No dialogue, same deal as scraping section) 
(Brushing sound stops)
There all nice and clean. 
Although… I think there’s something else I could do, especially since your ears are so sensitive. 
*Giggle*
Just relax for me. 
*Really close to one of the listener’s ears*
Relax. 
(Ear licking starts) 
(A few minutes and then switch sides)
(A few more minutes switch back)
(A few more minutes switch again)
(A few minutes and then stop) 
How was that? 
Did big sister do a good job? 
Aw, you’re a shivering mess. 
So tired and cute. 
*Gentle shushing* 
It’s okay. 
I’ll wrap you in my embrace and hold you close to my chest. 
(She embraces the listener) 
Rest now cutie. 
*Kiss* 
Sleep well, commander. 
I’ll stroke your hair while you sleep. 
(Hair stroking) 
Goodnight cutie. 
(Audio fades out to the sound of hair stroking) 