Honey? (enthusiastic) You're home! Ah, you're home, you're home, you're home! (suddenly reserved and cool) Uhm, I mean, look who finally decided to pop up! Seems like you've been taking your sweet time, mister! Oh, there was a traffic jam! Is that so? My, how unfortunate!

What? No, I didn't miss you! I was annoyed that you kept me waiting for this long because apparently you can't be bothered to for once spend some time with your girlfriend!

Hey, what are you doing? Yeah, I can see that you are hanging up your coat, duh! Well, aren't we forgetting something? Like, I dunno, maybe we wanna give our beloved girlfriend a kiss? Or something? I dunno? (Kissing sound) Sheesh, finally! What? Yeah, okay, maybe I missed you a little. But I was mostly annoyed!

So, what did you get for dinner? Huh, what? Yeah, I know this was my day off. So what? No, I didn't go grocery shopping. I had stuff to do! What? Well, stuff. Important stuff! Never mind!

Anyways, now that you are finally here, we can finally spend some quality time together. Come here, to the couch! I'm super-exhausted, I'm gonna take a nap. Come on, lay down! I wanna use you as a pillow. What? I don't care that you're not sleepy! I'm sleepy, that should be enough! Now stop being so difficult! (a series of cute little groans and hrumphs as she snuggles into you)

Meow. (brief silence) Uhm, hello? I said “meow”! What do you mean, “so what”? When I say “meow”, that's your cue to start giving me ear scritchies! Gosh, one could think you were doing this for the first time!

Finally! There we go. (starts purring) Wh- what? No, I don't “love” this! It's – alright. You are doing an okay job. Now don't let that get to your fat head!

What? Yeah, my paws are cold. That's why I'm putting them under you jumper, duh! You are my boyfriend, it is your solemn duty to keep my paws warm. Now hold still, I'm searching for the warmest spot.

Oh, what is it now? I'm kneading you, that's a sign of affection, dumbass! Could you perchance stop making so much noise? I'm trying to get some sleep here, remember? Whoa! You did not just suggest that I should trim my claws, did you? I'll have you know that there are a lot of Neko boys out there who find my claws very attractive, you know? I don't see why you are making so much of a fuss about it, anyway. You should barely feel them through your jumper, you wussy! Oh, I still have my paws under your jumper? Whoopsie, my bad! Oh, come on, don't be such a baby! You want a band-aid?

And who said you could stop giving me ear scritchies? Ah, that's it! That's the spot! You know, come to think of it, you really only need one hand to give me ear scritchies. So I don't see why we should let your other hand sit idle while it could give me – uhm – back rubs! Yeah, I want back rubs now! (content sigh) Oh, yeah! Huh? What is it? Oh, sorry, I can't help it, I start kneading you when I'm relaxed! Yeah, okay, I'll pull my paws out of your jumper. You wussy! If you do not care at all that your poor girlfriend will get icy cold paws... Excuse me? I didn't mangle you! I might potentially have given you a few loving little scratches.

(sad/pleading voice) Don't you love me anymore? I was all alone the whole day and waiting for you to come home. I just want a little love and affection, that's all, but all I get from my boyfriend is gripe! “Oh, you didn't go grocery shopping! Oh, your paws are too cold! Oh, you are clawing up my chest!” I just want some cuddles and scritchies and to snuggle up to your chest when I fall asleep so I can feel safe and protected, but you don't love me anymore! (contrived whimpering) Oh, you do? (back to normal, bratty voice) Well, you could tell me a bit more often! Would that hurt you or something? Me? What do you mean? Yeah, of course I do! Hello? I'm letting you scritch my ears. Do you think I would do that if I didn't love you? Well, okay, if you insist: I love you. There! Now, your turn! (brief pause) Yeah, okay, but how much do you love me? Come on, use some adjectives here! (brief pause) Oh, well, I guess you did your best.

(cuddly groans and hrumphs again, voice getting sleepy) Enough with all the babble! I wanna catch some sleep here. We're gonna make dinner when I wake up, okay? Can we have blueberry pancakes? What? I don't care that pancakes are breakfast food! I want blueberry pancakes! And who decided that pancakes are breakfast food, anyway? They certainly didn't ask me for my opinion! Stop disagreeing with me and give me back rubs! And scritchies! And kisses! And- (voice drifts off into unintelligible, sleepy murmur) I love you. (murmur) You wussy.