Hey you.
What are you still doing up?
[Slightly plaintive] Come back to bed.
[Disbelieving, amused] You aren't sleepy?
(Laughter)
[Amused] We will see about that.
[Inviting] Come, sit here with me.
Let's watch the rain together for a bit.
 
[Wistful, dreamy] I love it when it rains during a full moon.
[Wistful, dreamy] It makes everything look so surreal.
[dreamy, soft spoken] Almost like we are in a fairytale.
 
[Tone shifts to soothing and soft spoken]
 
Shhhhh.
Don't talk.
Just listen.
Listen to the rain.
It's so soothing.
So relaxing.
And it's such a complex sound, too.
It's easier to hear if you close your eyes.
Close your eyes darling.
Come on, do it for me?
Thank you.
Rest your head on my chest.
That's it.
Very good.
Just relax and let me play with your hair for a bit.
Isn't this nice?
Sshhh.
Just nod your head.
Mmhmm.
Now, listen to the rain.
Really *focus* on the sound.
As I was saying, it is such a complex sound.
You can hear the general hiss of thousands of tiny droplets hitting the ground every second.
That sound is obvious.
But there's also the soft drumming of the rain on the roof.
The subtle tap-tap-tap on the leaves.
Listen carefully.
I'm sure you can hear it all, if you focus.
Mmmhm.
It really is a wonderful sound.
So relaxing.
So soothing.
I love listening to the rain and just letting my thoughts drift away.
Mmmhmm.
It's so nice.
I could listen to it all day.
Not doing anything.
Just relax and listen to the rain.
If you listen very carefully, you can just make out the gentle pattering of the rain against the windows.
Listen.
It always fascinated me as a kid, you know.
The way a raindrop slides down a window.
It still does.
I love following a single droplet as it makes its way down.
Sliding down the window.
Sometimes fast, sometimes slow.
Sometimes going a little to the left, sometimes a little to the right.
But always, *always* down.
Down... Down... Down.
Imagine it.
See it in your mind.
A huge window, full of little droplets of rain.
Pick one of them, close to the top of the window.
Focus on it.
It's not moving now, but it's just a matter of time.
Almost...almost... there it goes.
Follow it.
Follow it with your eyes as it slides down.
That's it.
Follow it down.
Down... down... down.
You are doing very well, darling.
Now look for another drop.
See it in your mind.
Focus on it.
Wait for it to start moving.
Aaaaand.... follow it down.
The raindrop is sliding down.
And you are sliding down right along with it.
Down... down... down.
Until finally... it melts away into a big puddle.
Just like you are melting into a big puddle of relaxation.
Mmmhmm.
You are so relaxed. 
So heavy.
So drowsy.
And it feels... so ... good.
So... very... good, to lie here.
Your head, resting on my chest.
Feeling so safe.
So comfortable.
And you can just barely feel my fingers... slowly gliding through your hair.
Tracing little circles with my fingertips.
Gently massaging your scalp.
It feels *wonderful*.
You... feel wonderful.
There is nothing to do.
Nothing to think about.
You can just lie here, listening to the rain.
Listening to my voice.
Following my voice.
Letting it guide you.
Guide you deeper and deeper into relaxation.
Deeper and deeper down.
You are doing so well.
Feeling so relaxed.
So drowsy.
So heavy.
Just let go.
Let everything go.
Just let yourself collapse into my arms.
There we go.
I got you.
Shhh, I got you.
Lie back now, darling.
Really let yourself sink down into the cushions.
The cushions are so soft.
And your body is so heavy.
So limp.
So loose.
Feel yourself starting to sink down through the cushions now.
They are like clouds.
Soft and fluffy and insubstantial.
You are sinking through them and it feels so good.
Just sinking down.
Deeper and deeper down.
Weightlessly floating.
Floating down.
Without a care in the world.
Just relaxing.
Letting your thoughts drift.
Listening to the sound of the rain.
Enjoy this, darling.
Enjoy the sound of my voice.
My presence.
And keep sinking deeper down.
Relax.
Let everything go.
Let your thoughts drift away.
There is nothing to think about.
Just listen.
Listen to my voice.
Listen to the sound of my breathing.
(sfx: inhale, slow and relaxed)
(sfx: exhale, slow and relaxed)
 
[A lot of pause between the lines, as well as a slow breathing in and out]
 
Let the sound of my breathing take you deeper.
 
[Breathy] Deeper
 
[Breathy] Deeper
 
[Breathy] Deeper
 
Just enjoy being here with me.
 
[Breathy] Deeper
 
Letting me guide you.
 
[Breathy] Deeper
 
Letting me take you deeper.
 
[Breathy] Deeper
 
[Whispered] Deeper
 
[Whispered] Deeper
 
[Very soft spoken] That's it.
 
[Very soft spoken] Well done.
 
[Very soft spoken] Go to sleep now.
 
[Very soft spoken] Let go of everything.
 
[Very soft spoken] Let any last thoughts float away.
 
[Very soft spoken] Empty your mind... and go to sleep.
 
[Very soft spoken] Go to sleep.
 
[Whispered] Go to sleep.
 
[Whispered] Sleep.
 
[Whispered] Sleep.
 
[Whispered] Good night, darling.
 
[Rain sfx fades away over 10 seconds][speech fading in as the listener wakes up] (to self) I can’t believe she’s making me do this. I’m an adult! I shouldn’t have to listen to some stuck-up *angry scowl* Can I even do this? I don’t want to…Oh! (to listener) You’re awake. (awkwardly) Ummm, hi.

No! Please don’t freak out! I know how this looks but I don’t mean any harm.

What am I? I’m a [succubus/incubus], but I’m not here to do anything weird! I promise.

That’s a long story. (angry) To put it simply, I’m here because my mother won’t let me come back to Hell until I feed on some energy. It’s ridiculous! I’m 156 but she’s treating me like I’m 45! 

(disgusted) What? Eww, no. I wasn’t gonna do…that to you. There are a lot of ways succubi and incubi can take energy. Any powerful emotion would be sufficient, it just so happens that lust is what has humans making stupid decisions. My parents are also very traditional; Most of Hell is honestly. If you don’t “torment foolish mortals” you’re seen as a weakling. I don’t wanna do that, though. I don’t care if it makes me weak.

Why don’t I? It just grosses me out. Plus I’m not a huge fan of manipulating people into doing stuff. It feels wrong. *sigh* I’m sorry, I really shouldn’t involve you in my problems. 

You’re ok with it? Are you sure? You’re a complete stranger and I don’t want to be a bother. Well, more of a bother than I’ve already been.

Thank you. None of my family ever cared to listen. I haven’t “proven myself” or whatever.

Wow, how rude of me. I’ve been ranting about my problems and you don’t even know my name. I’m Belilithallu [pronounced like bell-lilith-allu], but since that’s a mouthful you can call me Bel. What about you?

It’s nice to meet you. I wish it could’ve been through a different situation, though.

I’m assuming this is the first time you’ve talked to any demon so I’m sure you have questions. I’ll go ahead and explain things the best I can. As I said succubi and incubi can absorb any kind of strong emotion as energy. That’s how we feed. It’s a painless process. Well, unless the demon is absorbing agony but those types are very rare. It’s honestly a waste of good energy, by being nice to a human you’ll have a “repeat customer” in a sense. 

Oh it happens quite often. My kind are all around you, you just don’t know it. The process of absorbing emotional energy also wipes the human’s memory. They don’t forget a whole lot but it's just enough not to remember the event. 

We look just like this. Big horns, a long spiky tail, claws, red skin. Although it’s not exactly normal for a demon to walk around in broad daylight looking like this. It happens sometimes at cosplay conventions and such, but it’s rare. Most of the time we disguise ourselves. Our bodies can change form very easily. We could really look like anyone or anything. (hesitantly) That’s another reason why most of us feed off of lust. We can bring certain…ehh…fantasies to life that wouldn’t otherwise be possible. But as I said I’m not like that! Normally I just help out strangers. Give them a hug, talk to them, do them a favor, and I feed off of that. I’m perfectly content with it, but my family is very against it. And they won’t let me go back home until I seduce someone.

You want me to…take your energy? (angry) If you’re suggesting what I think you-

Oh. You had something else in mind. What was it?

You’re right, I did wake you up and should probably help you fall back asleep. But I don’t see how that will help me.

(confused) Yeah I can feed off any emotion. Why would relaxation be any-Oh! I see what you’re getting at! Yeah, I can do that for you. And I’ll let my mom think I seduced my first human! Stupid imp won’t know the difference. Just so you know, you won’t remember this experience. I’m not even sure you’ll remember me at all. 

You’d really want me to come visit again? A weird [girl/guy] who showed up by your bed unannounced and cried about [her/his/their] parents all night?

Wow. I’m touched…Thank you. 

Alright. It’s time for a good old-fashioned pampering. Before we start, do you need anything? Food, water, bathroom break?

I can get that water for you. Just wait here. *pouring water*

Here you go. Drink up.

Now scoot over. Let me lay next to you. *getting into bed*

(whispering) Hi.*giggle* You look nervous. Don’t be, I’ll make sure you’re taken care of. Now lean against me. Wherever feels comfortable, doesn’t matter. *shifting in bed*

There we go.Comfy?

Great. Now I’m just going to start by lightly scratching your head. *scratching*

How does that feel?

Good. As long as you like it I’m happy. [extended pause for scratches]

Close your eyes for me. You can’t fall asleep with your eyes wide open. There you go. Now breathe with me. *calm deep breath* Copy my breathing and I guarantee you’ll feel more at ease. *multiple deep breaths* One more. *deep breath*

Excellent. Keep breathing like that for me. Next I’ll wrap my arms around you. Let me know if I need to squeeze tighter or loosen my grip.

Now it’s time for my specialty. How about some positive affirmations? 

Great. You deserve to know how cherished you are. I really do appreciate what you’ve done for me tonight. You have such a kind heart.

Shhh, no words. Just listen. *short pause* You deserve to be loved and cared for. I truly mean that. A kind soul like you should receive all the praise in the world. I’m here to do that, but there are other people out there that also care about you. So many lives have been positively impacted by you simply being yourself. 

I know it’s not easy all the time. I wish it was. You deserve an easy ride through life but, unfortunately the world isn’t always fair. I can’t fix your problems, but I can be here. Right now, you have my full attention. 

You are worthy. Your life has value, just by you being yourself. I’m proud of you, for everything that you’ve done. I know we’ve just met but I can tell that you have done amazing things, even if you don’t think so. I care about your wellbeing, and as long as I’m here, I'll take care of you. Because you deserve it.

Aww, your smile is really cute. Don’t try to hide it, it makes you all the more amazing.

Was that a yawn? Are you finally getting sleepy? Well how about a song while you drift off? *humming a song* [humming slowly fades out as the listener falls asleep]
[Upbeat] Hey sweetheart? Guess who just came through your window to visit you? That's right! It's me! And my hips didn't get stuck this time!
 
I got your text not too long ago. As soon as you told me you were feeling lonely I came rushing right over, because there's no way I can leave my good boy alone when you need me, sweetie. I'm like your super girl. 
 
[Awkward] Well, maybe super woman would be more fitting since I'm a bit on the older side. But you don't mind, right? That's what makes you my super man. I'm not sure if super woman is a thing though. But I guess it doesn't matter. 
 
[Confident] All that matters right now is you. Since you've been feeling lonely I thought I could keep you company. So, here I am! I'm glad you texted me actually, I was feeling a bit lonely myself. Well, I always feel lonely without you. 
 
[Affectionate] But a good way to cure that loneliness is with a nice, loving hug! So what do you say? Would you like to be a good boy and give me a hug? I'd be stoked if you did. I think I might even give you a "reward" if you do!
 
*Short Pause*
 
[Teasing] Well I'm not going to tell you what the reward is until you hug me, silly. Where's the fun in telling you? 
 
[Flirty] I can promise you that you'll be SO excited to get it from me, though. 
 
*Very Short Pause*
 
[Soft] There we go. Didn't I tell you that a hug would be a nice way to deal with what you're going through right now? I feel so at peace with you. You're such a good boy for letting me enjoy this moment. I know this is about you, and about me trying to comfort you. But I can't help it if I'm overjoyed to hug you. You're such a sweet, good boy. It's my natural state to be obsessed with you. Why else do you think I keep a few strands of your hair inside my locket? It's because you're so precious and I love you. 
 
[Sudden Realization] Wait, remind me. I did ASK YOU for the strands of your hair before I took them for my necklace, right?
 
*Short Pause*
 
[Apologetic] Oh, I'm so sorry sweetie. I must have forgotten to ask. I didn't mean to overstep my boundaries... Again. Tell you what? I'll have to give you another, second reward later, ok? 
 
[Flirty] I'm sure I'll be able to think of something that'll bring you pleasure. 
 
[Excited] But we can think about that later. Since you're hugging me I still have to give you your first reward! Hold on, excuse me for a moment while I go get it from my bag. 
 
*Very Short Pause*
 
Ok! Here it is. Tada! I know it doesn't look like much. And well... That's because it's a key. But it's not just any key! It's the key to my house! 
 
[Affectionate] I figured this way you wouldn't have to worry about being so lonely any more. Any time you feel lonely you can just come over to my place, and use the key to get in. I'm figuring you're not going to want to come through my window, after all. Though I suppose if you did your hips wouldn't get stuck like mine. 
 
But I'm getting off track here. The point is I felt like this was a good way to comfort you and take care of your needs is all. And good company is a need just like hunger or thirst. And you're my huggable good boy so you know I'll always drop everything to take care of your needs. Any of them.
 
So any time you feel lonely and you want to talk or even just to be with me, feel free to come on over. It doesn't matter what time of day or night it is. You can come whenever you like. 2 AM. 3 AM. You name it. Even if I'm not awake I really don't mind. So for instance if you ever feel like you're just dying to cuddle someone, you can visit my place. You can walk right in, even if I'm asleep. And you can slip right on into my bed and cuddle me. I give you full consent. 
 
And my place isn't that far from you. It's walkable. I moved just so I could be next to you, after all. But even so if you want me to give you a ride just give me a call. Or a text if you prefer. I know calling can be anxiety-inducing sometimes. Whatever makes you more comfortable. I just want to comfort you and love you. Because there isn't anything in the world I love more than you. Since you're my wonderful good boy.
 
I love you so much. I know I say that a lot. But that's just because it's true! So I hope it's not a bother, when I say I love you so much. You don't think it's a bother, right? I'm probably just overthinking things a lot. You like it when I tell you I love you, don't you? I mean of course you do. You called me over here just because you wanted some attention, right? And there's nothing wrong with calling me over for attention, since I love giving it to you and I always love getting attention from you too! Well... I guess you didn't really call me over to visit I visited on my own initiative... But still... 
 
I guess what I'm trying to say is you're my good boy and I love you. I don't know why I'm making things so complicated. The truth is just that I love you, is all. I love you.
 
I think about you all the time. Whether I'm with you or whether I'm all alone, without you. And I'm without you much more often than I'd like. So it made me really glad to get your text, actually. It gave me an excuse to come visit you. And I always want to visit you.
 
[Still Affectionate. Slightly Anxious] I'm a bit afraid of coming across as too overbearing and pushing you away though. I think those fears might even be justified. I mean I made a copy of your key that one time. I don't know if that's why you changed your lock... But that's got to be overbearing of me, right? So I'm always afraid that you'll get sick and tired of me, you know?
 
But you're always telling me how lonely you are when I'm not around. It makes me feel... safe. It makes me feel secure. Like I don't have to worry about getting hurt by you leaving me. I'd hate that. I'd hate for you to leave me. I don't know what I'd do. But you'd never leave me, right? Because you're my good boy. And because you're lonely just like me. I'd never leave you either, of course. 
 
You're a permanent part of my life. I couldn't exist without you. I can only get out of bed because I think about how maybe I'll be able to see you today. I can only go to work thinking maybe I can use my next paycheck to buy you something nice. I just can't express how much I love you. 
 
[Trance-like] I love you. I love you. I love you. 
 
[Devoted] I could never let anything try to take you away from me. I think that's why I always tend to cling on to you. I know I always get so clingy. Whether grabbing on to your arm, or putting my arm around you or always holding on to your hand. It just makes me feel so secure, when I can cling on to you like that. The feeling of you against my hand or against my arm is a reminder that you're still here with me. It's a reminder that you're mine.
 
And I'm yours too of course, sweetie. I'm always here for my good boy. It's my pleasure to be able to help you. I just wish I could help you more.
 
When you texted me about how you were lonely I just felt so... I wish I could have been right next to you as soon as I got that text. I wish I could have just teleported to your side. Because if you're hurting from feeling lonely I don't want you to have to suffer that for a single second longer. You're too good for that. You're too much of a good boy to have to go through that. 
 
But you know... You don't have to suffer this alone. I know I gave you the key to my place so you could come over whenever you like... But it doesn't just have to stop there. If you'd like, you could move in with me. I think it would be a good environment there for you. It'll just be the two of us. There's no one else there to bother you. Other than me, but I'm not a bother, right sweetie? 
 
And I always keep the place super spotless and clean because I always want it to look the best for you. So I'm sure you'll find it a very welcoming experience. 
 
[Reserved] And if you'd like... As much as it pains me... Well I don't know just HOW close you want to be with me. But if it's too much for you to share a room with me, which I can understand by the way, you can have your own room all to yourself. I'd only enter when you let me. I love you and I want to be close to you. But I'm trying to respect you and not overstep your boundaries. See, sweetie? Aren't I treating a good boy like you just right?
 
[Excited] But if you want to share a room with me I'd be delighted! I've always dreamt of that. I've even had a big bed from the start just in case you ever wanted to share it with me. 
 
[Flirty] And you can share my bed with me. You're such a good boy so I have to treat you right, after all. And while I'm sharing my bed with you... Who knows what else I might want to share with you? I might even think of something I can give you for your "second reward" that I owe you. Doesn't that sound nice?
 
[Sweet] Well deciding if you want to move in with me or not is a big decision to make. Tell you what. I don't think you've ever had a thorough look at my place. How about for now I can take you to my place and I can give you a tour? Then we can go from there. 
 
[Flirty] And while we're there... Just the two of us with no one else around... You can tell me if there's anything you want for your second reward. Ask for whatever you like. You know I can never say no to you. 
 
[Sweet] Because you're my good boy.[START]

 Quietly talking to herself. sighs "Finally, home sweet home."

Sound of her closing the front door and pulling her boots off.

 Quietly to herself and sounding giddy. "Hubby is gonna be so excited that I got the latest 'Teenage-Something-Ninja-Cat-Girl' manga."

 "Huh...it's so quiet...honey!? I'm home!!"

Sound of her walking upstairs and opening a couple of doors as she checks from room to room.

 "Hey there you ar-Hey hey hey! what happened!?"

Sound of her quickly sprinting over to the listener and crouching down in front of them.

 "Hey! honey don't flinch away from me, it's me, your girlfriend!"

Sound of rustling as the listener once again flinches away from her.

 "W-What...happened? I've never seen you this upset before, please tell me."

 "No I won't get mad, I promise."

 "I mean it, I won't get mad no matter what you tell me."

 "Please? at this rate, I'm worried you might actually get a heart attack or something just as serious!"

 "Huh? yeah of course I remember, it was only last Christmas that my mom gifted me that vase."

 "...It...broke?"

 "So you accidentally knocked it over while I was gone?"

 "This is what got you soo upset, made you have a full-blown panic attack?"

 "Oh honey... it was a genuine mistake, I'm not gon-"

She gets cut off by the sound of the listener flinching further away from her.

 "Please honey, I only want to hug you, I can't stand seeing you so upset."

 "Y-You thought I was going to hit you?"

She releases a shocked and shakey sigh.

 "Listen...I know that we've only been dating for a half year now...a-and I don't know everything about your past, but I. Will. Never. Hit. You. Ever."

 "And if you ever happen to do and or say anything that will make me angry, sad, shocked, whatever, I'm not gonna hit you for any reason."

 "When you have concerns over something or something made upset you, what do you do?"

 "That's right! you talk to me! you calmly approach me and talk with me about it, no mean words, no shouting, no hitting."

 "It's something that has only made me fall more in love with you over time, and it's also the way that I like to solve problems or bring up concerns."

 "So please don't ever think I would hit you."

 "Your Ex? you never said much about them, not that I mind, but now that makes even more sense."

 "What? this went on throughout the entirety of it?"

 "I don't understand how someone can be so awful, hurt someone like you, someone who always means well."

Sound of cloth rustling as she hugs the listener, her voice is from here on really close and either on the listener's left or right side.

 "Shhh shhh I've got you, darling, I've got you."

Sounds of her stroking the listener's hair begin from here till the end.

 "I've got you and I'm not going to hurt you, neither am I going to let anyone else hurt you."

 "Oh yes, I've got you and I'm not letting go until you feel better."

She gives the listener a kiss.

 "I love you too."

 "Don't worry about the vase, I can just replace it, I can't replace you."

 "There is only one you, only one you that can make me swoon, laugh, and smile like that."

 "Only one you that I'm gonna marry."

 "Oh yes I will marry you, you can bet your sweet buns I will."

 "...Actually don't bet your buns, your sweet buns are only for me."

A minute of comfortable silence, only her breathing and the sounds of her still stroking the listener's hair being audible.

 "Feeling better? yeah? okay."

 "Now I got something that might cheer you up, something we'll both love."

 "Now let me just lean against the bedframe like this and then pull you on my lap..."

Cloth rustling as she pulls the listener on her lap.

 "...like that! giggle"

 "In the store, I was not just able to find cookies and such but also...the latest manga of 'Teenage-Something-Ninja-Cat-Girl'!!!!"

 "So now we can just read it together, with you all snug on my lap, in fact, I'm going to read it to you."

Her voice starts fading out as she starts reading to the listener.

 "Despite her archnemesis's attempts to thwart her plans, Silver Cat was to defeat him and send her back to prison, but now she has a new obstacle in her way...another book club meeting!!"

[END] "How did you manage it? I need to know!"

 "THIS!! all of this right here!"

 "Look at me, I'm wearing an apron for hell's sake!!"

 "O-Oh thank you...I do look good in it don't I? that's why I'm wearing it..."

 "N-No WAIT YOU'RE DOING IT AGAIN!!!"

 "Don't look at me like that, you know exactly what I'm talking about."

 Growls. "I'm wearing an apron, I'm baking cookies right now for us...y-you...you turned me into your housewife!!"

 "I'M LUCIFER DAMMIT!!"

 "I'm Lucifer the leader of hell, the evilest being in existence!!!"

 "But then you come around with your...y-your sweet, sexy, kind ways and then...suddenly we were together and...I left hell for good...and then...we got married."

 "How did this even happen?"

 "Oh nonononono, I'm not saying I don't like it, I just don't understand how you managed this."

 "..."With my love for you" that is soo cheesy but also soo you, so cute you, c'mere!"

Sound of her peppering the listener's face with kisses.

 "Huh? oh yeah, I do smell something bur-MY COOKIES!!!"


 "So uh...nervous chuckle. I kinda burned that plate of cookies..."

 "The oven is fine, but the cookies are bad, even worst than angel food."

 "Oh yeah angel food is bad, anything they do up there is bad. shudders."

 "Yucky angels aside, that plate was my last batch of...four...so we have more than enough to eat still."

 "Yes I made four batches! I can't help myself okay, you're just so cute when you're eating my cookies, and then you-ugh. I could make cookies all day for you and your sweet cheeks."

 "See, this is what you've turned me into...a housewife."



 "Damm right I like it, I love the sound of it, your wife, it has an intoxicating ring to it~"

 "Not as intoxicating as you though~"

 "Oh? is that right? well you're in luck, I used my powers to make the bed capable of...withstanding your wild side, no more interruptions from the bed breaking."

 "Hmm? how my day was? pretty normal."

 "Yeah I went out this morning to buy some things from the store downtown, everything was fine till Veronica showed up."

 "I swear she's the densest woman out there, she still isn't picking up on the fact that A. we're not friends, and B. I DON'T WANNA HEAR HER BLOODY STORIES!!"

 "She just kept going on and on about her job and some Joe who I don't even know, but the worst thing is that she called me Lucy!! only you can only call me that..."

 "I know...I know, gotta leave that stress behind."

 "...I'm not sorry if I light her on fire the next time."

 "No I don't care, if I have to endure that again I'm setting her on fire."

 "Come on, let's grab some cookies and cuddle up on the bed, you can pick a movie, and later we can get...lusty~"

 Chuckles. "Of course I'm grabbing some beers as well."And– time.

[Sound of pen on paper]

Twelve minutes and fifty-six seconds. Same as last time. I think the twelve fifty-seven might’ve been down to user error on the stopwatch, but we should check a few more times just to be sure. The larger the sample size the more likely it isn’t a fluke.

You’ve been timing your day-to-day deaths too, right? It seems like those usually last longer, which I’m guessing is due to your curse trying to keep itself as secret as possible. Otherwise every man-eater in a hundred mile radius would know about you by now. You gotta wonder about the motivation there, though– most of us would just take advantage of the situation, case in point, so if the idea is to maximize the number of times you get offed it seems counterproductive to keep it from happening. What do you think?

Still can’t talk, huh. Okay, blink once if it’s the Tied Tongue and twice if you need some water.

Water. Figures. I drained you pretty thoroughly there.

[Sounds of motion and a glass being poured]

Alright, here you go. Chin up. Small sips, babe, that’s right. Good job.

[Laughter]

You ever just stop and think about how weird this whole thing is? We’ve got the scientific rigor of an eighth grader making a baking soda volcano, but with so much more murder. Maybe I should start giving you a gold star every time you sputter back to life. No, wait, you should give me gold stars. I’m the one taking notes.

[sound of glass being refilled]

Here. Think you can hold it on your own yet, or are your hands still too shaky?

Don’t strain yourself. I don’t mind helping you with your drink. You helped me with mine, after all.

[laughter]

Ouch. First thing you manage to get out is an insult. Prickly as always.

Hey, now that you’re talking again, I was wondering– are you always this messed up when you come to? You are with me, but. . . what about the longer stints of croaking?

Wait, wait, hang on. Let me get my notebook back out.

[Sound of flipping pages]

Okay. So. Let’s stick with draining deaths for now, just for the sake of keeping the variables the same. Back in the dark times before you met the world’s best lab partner vampire, how’d you feel when you clawed your way back to the world of the living?

[Sound of pen on paper]

Uhuh.

Right.

Well, it’s anecdotal, but. . . it seems like maybe the longer you spend dead, the more your body fixes itself up? I wonder if you’re even all the way healed right now. This might just be the bare minimum of functionality. It’d explain why you feel like shit.

[laughter]

Okay, yeah, having every drop of blood drained out of your body would also explain it, sure. I can’t help it if I’m thorough. You just taste so fucking good.

Mh. Kinda wanna go in for round two. . .

[Thump]

Jesus! I wasn’t serious! You need to stop throwing things, it’s getting to the point I feel nervous anytime I hand you something fragile.

Oh, by the way. Your brother texted while you were out. He was wondering what you wanted from Ambrosia, so I told him to get the number six.

What? What’s that look for?

I unlocked your phone with your cold dead fingerprint and remembered what you ordered last time I was over during dinner. It’s not rocket science.

I wasn’t gonna let him worry about you not answering when it was something I could handle. What, would you prefer I left him on read?

Thought so. Anyway, I wouldn’t have done it if he was asking something personal. I’m not stupid. And I’m not your secretary, so I’m not gonna be fielding texts from everyone. I was just, y’know. Looking out for my friend.

Anyway. Our sample size here is still pretty small, but the timing seems to be coming out fairly consistent. I wish I could get you in an actual lab sometime, get a look under the hood. . .

No shit I like this stuff. I wouldn’t have started trying to figure it out if I didn’t. You’re a puzzle, babe, and I’m gonna take you apart piece by piece.

Okay, bad metaphor. My point stands. The place where biology and magic intersect is interesting. I could probably study it until the sun burns out and never have a boring moment.

. . .I can’t. The bioalchemy major is, uh. Well. Let’s just say they make you send in blood samples with your application. No monsters allowed in that field.

[Wry, sad laughter]

Well, it’s a pain in the ass to process that kind of thing. They can’t do it for everyone. Maybe someday if they come up with a cheaper, quicker test I’ll get kicked out of academia entirely. Hell, when you humans finally hit that breakthrough you’ll probably succeed in your long-term goal of wiping all us creepy-crawlies out.

I mean, I get it. It’s not like anyone mourned for smallpox. I’ve chewed my way through a solid chunk of humanity; I know how this is gonna end. Fun ride while it lasts, though.

Anyway. You have a dinner to get to. Can you stand okay yet? Maybe have another glass of water before you go, I don’t want you to pass out on the way home and get picked up like takeout.

Quit looking at me like that. That’s all the vampiric brooding you’re gonna get for now. I don’t wallow, babe. Live fast, die young and all that.

Or, in your case, live at a regular pace, occasionally interrupted by inconvenient fits of death. But that’s less catchy, so I think I’ll stick with being a well-fed monster who will one day reap what’s been sewn.

Come on, I’ll walk you to the door. I should really start stocking juice boxes or something. Might help you bounce back a little faster.

I’d ask you to say hi to your brother for me, but that’s got disaster written all over it, so I guess I’ll just tell you to have fun at dinner.

Oh, and leave your window unlocked tomorrow night. Unless you want me snapping the lock again.

[laughter]

Hey, I gotta keep you on your toes! It’s no fun if I can’t scare you.

Night, babe. Have a safe walk.[Seductive] Well well, what do we have here today?
 
(Giggle)
 
Ahh, it would appear that you summoned me directly to your bedroom.
 
What lewd intentions did you have? (Giggle)
 
I suppose there is no one better than a succubus for all those debaucherous ideas.
 
…
 
[Surprised] You… wanted me to cuddle you to sleep?
 
That is the reason you summoned me?
 
…
 
[Understanding] Well, that would explain this more cozy attire I arrived in. Usually I would’ve appeared in something far more revealing but this is comfy.
 
You have great taste in nightgowns. (Giggle)
 
…
 
[Caring] Oh Honey, No. It *is* absolutely acceptable to summon me for this. I just never have actually been summoned for a snuggling appointment before.
 
I know people usually think of *other* reasons when they summon a succubus but this is a perfectly valid reason.
 
…
 
Of course, Honey. Everyone gets lonely.
 
You do not need to feel bad. 
 
Loneliness can affect the heart of anyone.
 
You are absolutely not the only person to ever summon a succubus for that reason. I mean it
 
…
 
Of course, you are not.
 
It seems only natural that we are perfect for this.
 
When we are summoned, it is based entirely on your preferences. 
 
Height, body type, hair…We are even summoned in the clothing that you prefer the most, as I pointed out already.
 
(Giggle) We are practically perfect for being a cuddling partner.
 
So there is absolutely no shame in needing one of us to come and snuggle with you. 
 
Everyone could use some TLC sometime.
 
(Forehead Kiss)
 
Now come one, let's go ahead and lay down.
 
So we can get more comfortable. (Giggle)
 
< Bed sounds as they both lay down >
 
There we go, might I say this bed is wonderful.
 
The perfect size for us to get very cozy. 
 
(Giggle)
 
Honey, you don’t need to be so shy about getting in bed with a succubus.
 
Bring it in closer.
 
…Closer
 
[Quietly] Closer.
 
There we go!
 
Now, I can wrap my arms around you [Stretching] and bring you in close.
 
See, we might as well get close since we are both laying in bed together silly.
 
I forgot to ask the first time but are you comfortable with kisses on the forehead?
 
…
 
Good, I find them quite effective in calming one and making them feel safe and cared for. 
 
(Kiss)
{{ Voice can be a bit quieter here since the 2 are laying down closer compared to the beginning of the script. I also suggested some spots where you can whisper a line put feel free to put in as many whispers as you wish }}
 
Now, I’m sure you didn’t *just* summon me here for only cuddling.
 
I know you need a little pillowtalk, am I correct? 
 
…
 
No, Honey it’s okay. It really is.
 
Like I said, everyone needs some TLC sometime.
 
For this time that you have summoned me, I am here to take care of you.
 
If you just need me to hold you close and make you feel safe, I can do just that.
 
…
 
Everything is okay right now, Honey.
 
You know, you really should be getting more sleep.
 
…
 
Oh yes, I can tell.
 
It doesn’t take a scientist to see that, Honey.
 
Just taking one little look at you and looking into your eyes, I can see that you need much more sleep.
 
Which is exactly what I am here to help you with.
 
You do have to get some good rest before work.
 
I can almost feel all stress on you. I know work can be hard, especially if you are working overtime a bunch. 
 
So when you are laying down with me, just let it all go and relax in my arms. 
 
I’ll make everything feel better. 
 
Whether you feel lonely, sad, stressed or anything bad.
 
Close your eyes for a minute.
 
And just listen to my voice.
 
Feel my warm embrace.
 
Just relax and let those muscles rest.
 
Anything you have been holding in right now.
 
Tension… stress… emotions
 
Let it all out.
 
[Whispered] You are perfectly safe in my arms. 
 
(Kiss)
 
Breathe in… and out.
 
Breathe in… and out.
 
You can snuggle a little closer to me if you want.
 
You can press your weary heads against my chest.
 
It’s exactly the shape you wanted it to be (Giggle)
 
Just feel my hand as I slowly brush my fingers across your back.
 
Just feel as I move them, gently brushing you.
 
All that matters right now is you.
 
I am here to comfort you and make sure that you are cared for.
 
(Kiss)
 
You are perfectly safe right now.
 
This can be our little moment where everything freezes. 
 
If you can let go of it, please do.
 
[Whispers] Let nothing else matter right now other than your happiness and comfort. 
 
There you go, Honey.
 
Let all that tension in your back fade out. In your shoulders too. 
 
Let it all melt away, as you melt into my arms. 
 
Just feel the warmth of my touch as it soothes you. 
 
(Kiss)
 
You have been carrying so much, I could just hear it in your voice. 
 
I could feel it in your breathing. 
 
If you need to, you can let out some tears. You don’t have to hold anything in.
 
I am here to wipe them off of your pretty little cheeks. (Soft Giggle)
 
There is nothing else you need to do right now other than let go. 
 
Let all those stressful thoughts fade and just listen to my voice. 
 
Let me soothe that beautiful mind and body of yours.
 
Let me take off some of that weight you have been carrying.
 
(Kiss)
 
You are perfect… I mean it. 
 
(Giggle)
 
I know that you don’t tell yourself that enough which is why I am doing so. 
 
[Whispered] You are a beautiful person and you need to not be so hard on yourself. 
 
You don’t give yourself nearly enough credit. 
 
I don’t even need to use my magic to figure that out about you.
 
It’s all in the way you carry yourself.
 
I can feel it all, which is why I know exactly how you are feeling. 
 
You *are* a good person and you should love yourself.
 
…
 
No no no. I don’t want to hear any rebuttal.
 
Say it. “I am a good person and I should love myself more”
 
Please say it.
 
…
 
Excellent.
 
(Kiss)
 
It all starts with that. 
 
Once you start being a little more positive to yourself, you will begin to feel better.
 
Every part of you will start to feel better from your head, to your toes, to even your heart.
 
Like a weight being lifted slowly.
 
You know, you are just amazing to snuggle with. 
 
Seriously, *I* feel like I’m the lucky one to be snuggled in bed with someone as wonderful as you.
 
You are the perfect fit for my hugs.
 
You are so sweet and gentle it just melts my heart.  
 
And so cute!
 
(Giggle)
 
Feeling how your body slowly relaxes with every word I say.
 
Those little goosebumps as my lips get closer to your ears. 
 
[Whisper] I love feeling how your body tingles..
 
It makes me feel warm inside knowing that you are enjoying this and resting. 
 
Just holding you, as you close your eyes and nuzzle into me.
 
Running my fingers across your back. 
 
Kissing your forehead so gently 
 
(Kiss)
 
Just feel my loving touch as I hold you close.
 
Do you want me to hold your hand too?
 
…
 
(Giggle) Of course I can, Honey.
 
You’re so cute.
 
Now lets work on keeping those eyes closed.
 
Let those eyelids get heavier and heavier.
 
Let everything around you fade as you drift off into a dream. 
 
Your body slowly comes to complete rest from everything. 
 
I can use a little bit of succubus magic to help you drift off if you need it but you seem to be actually resting just from my presence.
 
(Kiss)
 
Excellent, just drift off Honey.
 
I will be here with you all night. 
 
If you at all wake up, I’ll feel it and I’ll help you relax back to sleep. 
 
If you need to change positions, I will move with you as gently as possible. 
 
[Whispered] I am here specifically to help you fall completely asleep and I am not leaving you at all tonight. 
 
Not until the morning, I am all yours, Honey.
 
I will keep you safe and comforted tonight. 
 
(Kiss)
 
With all the kisses and cuddles you need. 
 
Just rest with me, and let your mind drift off for the night.
 
You have a big day tomorrow and need all the rest you can get. 
 
And tomorrow night, if you need me..
 
You can always summon me back.
 
I’ll go ahead and mark you. So whenever you need my presence.
 
I’m just a spell away, whether it's for some more cuddling, resting or even just a nap.
 
You ask, and I’ll be here for you again.
 
(Kiss)
 
Now rest, Honey.
 
Hold on and drift off into the sweetest dream with me.
 
( Humming )
{{ Hum a tune of your choosing and fade to end. }}(Tone is caring) 
Commander? 
*Beat*
Commander?
*Beat*
There you are; big sis was so worried about you. 
What are you still doing? Working at this hour that is? 
(She walks up to the listener)
You don’t seem fine at all. 
You look like you’re a few seconds away from collapsing. 
That isn’t healthy. 
*Beat*
Come on, let big sister take care of you. 
Don’t be shy now. 
*Beat*
That’s it, I’ll bring you to my room, feel free to rest against me if you need to. 
It won’t bother me, in fact, I would enjoy it. *Giggles* 
(Walking sounds) 
It isn’t far. 
You should really come and visit me some time, I would hate if this became a normal occurrence, seeing you in this state makes me so sad. 
*Beat* 
(Walking stops) 
Here we are. 
(Door opens) 
Come on, follow big sister. 
(They walk in; door closes) 
*Beat*
(They sit down on the bed)
You’re so tense. 
Sit on big sister’s lap, I’ll take good care of you. 
*Beat*
That’s it, commander, lean back and rest your head against my bosom. 
Don’t worry commander, big sis is here for you. 
I know, why don’t I clean your ears a little bit. 
I always keep some tools on me in case anyone needs it. 
It’s always good to have clean ears, especially in our line of work. 
Wouldn’t want to go and get ambushed now, would we? 
*Beat*
Just relax. 
I’ll start by brushing around your ears… like this. 
(Brushing sounds start) 
Are your ears sensitive? You shivered a little when I started brushing. 
You should never be afraid to ask me to do this. 
Big sister is always willing to help out her favorite commander. 
Although, I think it’s cute when you act all nervous. 
I hope you don’t think that I see you in a negative light, I honestly prefer you like this. 
You resting against me while I take care of you. 
It’s all I could ever want. 
*Beat*
All right, I should switch to the other ear. 
(Brushing switches to the other ear) 
When was the last time you cleaned your ears? 
I haven’t even finished brushing and I can already tell that they’re quite dirty. 
There’s no need to be embarrassed, commander, I just wish you would’ve told me. 
At this point I’m less concerned about any loss of hearing due to buildup and more concerned that your cute little ears might be hurting. 
Don’t worry, big sis will take care of you. 
(Brushing sounds stop)
Alright, this next part might feel a little strange, but your ears are so sensitive that I’m sure you’ll enjoy it. 
(Earpick sounds) 
You should close your eyes commander, you’re safe. 
That’s it. 
*Beat* 
There’s quite a lot of buildup, it might take some time, but I don’t think you’ll mind. 
*Beat*
You’re really adorable, I hope you know that. 
I wanted to do this ever since I first laid eyes on you. 
It’s just the way you hold yourself. 
You try to hide this side of you, but you really don’t fool anyone, you definitely didn’t fool me. 
Whether or not we say it, it’s the job of every ship to protect you just as it’s your job to guide us. 
You cannot have one side without the other. 
So, you shouldn’t be afraid of being taken care of. 
*A minute or so of silence with just the earpick sounds*
And now for the other ear. 
(Earpick switches sides) 
*Some more silence with more earpick sounds*
You look so peaceful. 
*Giggle* 
*Silence with the sounds to balance both earpick audio sections* 
(Earpick sounds stop)
Alright, now to remove the broken-up bits of earwax. 
You’ll hear some scratching sounds but that’s fine. 
Big sis also noticed that you’re shaking, my ear cleaning must feel good. 
(Scraping sounds) 
*Humming gently* 
(No dialogue for this section. You can choose how long this part lasts) 
(Scraping sounds stop) 
Now to brush away any remaining specks. 
(Brushing sounds start again) 
You’re being so good for me. 
I bet that you can hear so much better now. 
(No dialogue, same deal as scraping section) 
(Brushing sound stops)
There all nice and clean. 
Although… I think there’s something else I could do, especially since your ears are so sensitive. 
*Giggle*
Just relax for me. 
*Really close to one of the listener’s ears*
Relax. 
(Ear licking starts) 
(A few minutes and then switch sides)
(A few more minutes switch back)
(A few more minutes switch again)
(A few minutes and then stop) 
How was that? 
Did big sister do a good job? 
Aw, you’re a shivering mess. 
So tired and cute. 
*Gentle shushing* 
It’s okay. 
I’ll wrap you in my embrace and hold you close to my chest. 
(She embraces the listener) 
Rest now cutie. 
*Kiss* 
Sleep well, commander. 
I’ll stroke your hair while you sleep. 
(Hair stroking) 
Goodnight cutie. 
(Audio fades out to the sound of hair stroking) Honey? (enthusiastic) You're home! Ah, you're home, you're home, you're home! (suddenly reserved and cool) Uhm, I mean, look who finally decided to pop up! Seems like you've been taking your sweet time, mister! Oh, there was a traffic jam! Is that so? My, how unfortunate!

What? No, I didn't miss you! I was annoyed that you kept me waiting for this long because apparently you can't be bothered to for once spend some time with your girlfriend!

Hey, what are you doing? Yeah, I can see that you are hanging up your coat, duh! Well, aren't we forgetting something? Like, I dunno, maybe we wanna give our beloved girlfriend a kiss? Or something? I dunno? (Kissing sound) Sheesh, finally! What? Yeah, okay, maybe I missed you a little. But I was mostly annoyed!

So, what did you get for dinner? Huh, what? Yeah, I know this was my day off. So what? No, I didn't go grocery shopping. I had stuff to do! What? Well, stuff. Important stuff! Never mind!

Anyways, now that you are finally here, we can finally spend some quality time together. Come here, to the couch! I'm super-exhausted, I'm gonna take a nap. Come on, lay down! I wanna use you as a pillow. What? I don't care that you're not sleepy! I'm sleepy, that should be enough! Now stop being so difficult! (a series of cute little groans and hrumphs as she snuggles into you)

Meow. (brief silence) Uhm, hello? I said “meow”! What do you mean, “so what”? When I say “meow”, that's your cue to start giving me ear scritchies! Gosh, one could think you were doing this for the first time!

Finally! There we go. (starts purring) Wh- what? No, I don't “love” this! It's – alright. You are doing an okay job. Now don't let that get to your fat head!

What? Yeah, my paws are cold. That's why I'm putting them under you jumper, duh! You are my boyfriend, it is your solemn duty to keep my paws warm. Now hold still, I'm searching for the warmest spot.

Oh, what is it now? I'm kneading you, that's a sign of affection, dumbass! Could you perchance stop making so much noise? I'm trying to get some sleep here, remember? Whoa! You did not just suggest that I should trim my claws, did you? I'll have you know that there are a lot of Neko boys out there who find my claws very attractive, you know? I don't see why you are making so much of a fuss about it, anyway. You should barely feel them through your jumper, you wussy! Oh, I still have my paws under your jumper? Whoopsie, my bad! Oh, come on, don't be such a baby! You want a band-aid?

And who said you could stop giving me ear scritchies? Ah, that's it! That's the spot! You know, come to think of it, you really only need one hand to give me ear scritchies. So I don't see why we should let your other hand sit idle while it could give me – uhm – back rubs! Yeah, I want back rubs now! (content sigh) Oh, yeah! Huh? What is it? Oh, sorry, I can't help it, I start kneading you when I'm relaxed! Yeah, okay, I'll pull my paws out of your jumper. You wussy! If you do not care at all that your poor girlfriend will get icy cold paws... Excuse me? I didn't mangle you! I might potentially have given you a few loving little scratches.

(sad/pleading voice) Don't you love me anymore? I was all alone the whole day and waiting for you to come home. I just want a little love and affection, that's all, but all I get from my boyfriend is gripe! “Oh, you didn't go grocery shopping! Oh, your paws are too cold! Oh, you are clawing up my chest!” I just want some cuddles and scritchies and to snuggle up to your chest when I fall asleep so I can feel safe and protected, but you don't love me anymore! (contrived whimpering) Oh, you do? (back to normal, bratty voice) Well, you could tell me a bit more often! Would that hurt you or something? Me? What do you mean? Yeah, of course I do! Hello? I'm letting you scritch my ears. Do you think I would do that if I didn't love you? Well, okay, if you insist: I love you. There! Now, your turn! (brief pause) Yeah, okay, but how much do you love me? Come on, use some adjectives here! (brief pause) Oh, well, I guess you did your best.

(cuddly groans and hrumphs again, voice getting sleepy) Enough with all the babble! I wanna catch some sleep here. We're gonna make dinner when I wake up, okay? Can we have blueberry pancakes? What? I don't care that pancakes are breakfast food! I want blueberry pancakes! And who decided that pancakes are breakfast food, anyway? They certainly didn't ask me for my opinion! Stop disagreeing with me and give me back rubs! And scritchies! And kisses! And- (voice drifts off into unintelligible, sleepy murmur) I love you. (murmur) You wussy.[Impressed] So *that’s* what your wolf form looks like.
[Excited, impressed] I heard the stories of course, but good lord, look at you!
[Excited, impressed] You are *terrifying*.
We vampires are pretty strong, but you are on another level entirely.
(Chuckle)
[Teasing] If I didn’t have you all wrapped around my little finger, I would be hightailing it out of here right now.
[Curious] So, how does it feel?
[Curious] Can you still...
[Hesitant] Uhhh.
[Concerned] Are you doing all right?
Hey hey hey, easy, *easy*!
It's me.
Calm down.
[Fearful, dread] Oh no, did you break free?
[Nervous] Down, boy.
[Still nervous, but more firm] Down.
(sfx:fingersnap)
 
 
(Nervous chuckle)
[Relieved] You had me worried there for a moment.
 
[She turns predatory from this point on, concern is gone, she’s toying with prey now]
 
[Predatory] But I can see that you *felt* that.
That you haven't *entirely* broken free from my control, after all.
[Amused, incredulous] Ohohoh. Snarling at me?
[A little venomous] If you want to behave like a mindless animal, I will *show* you what it really means, to be *mindless*.
(sfx:fingersnap)
(optional sfx: whooshing sound as she dodges)
[Amused, incredulous] Did you seriously just take a swing at me?
[Malicious] Oh, I'm going to *enjoy* bringing you to heel.
(sfx:fingersnap)
[optional sfx: whooshing sound as she dodges]
[Teasing] Too *slow*!
(sfx:fingersnap)
(optional sfx: whooshing sound as she dodges)
[Teasing] Oh, even a human could have dodged that one.
[Mocking] What’s the matter?
Body feeling a little sluggish?
Mind growing a little dim?
(Chuckle)
[Malicious] Good.
(sfx: snap)
[Mocking] Not so steady on your feet now, are you?
Or should I say, on your paws?
(Chuckle)
Ooh!
(optional sfx: whooshing sound as she dodges)
Was that supposed to hit me?
Just give up, you’re only embarrassing yourself now.
(sfx:fingersnap)
 
[Amused] Such a curious expression on your face.
Is that fear, I see?
Are you starting to realize the predicament you are in?
(sfx:fingersnap)
(Chuckle)
[Mocking] Come now, Pet, where is that vaunted werewolf aggression?
You were so *eager* to get your claws on me before.
Surely you can’t actually be trying to back away from me?
[Malicious] I suppose I will have to come to you, then.
(Chuckle)
You can't escape me, Pet.
You. Are. *Mine*.
(sfx:fingersnap)
[Mock concern] Careful.
I thing your knees are starting to buckle, there.
[Mock concern] Is it that hard to remain standing, Pet?
That's all right.
You can just *kneel*, then.
(sfx:fingersnap)
Good boy.
Drop for me.
(sfx:fingersnap)
(Chuckle)
[Mocking] Are you doing all right?
Are your eyes having trouble focusing?
[Mock pity] Awww, Pet.
[Condescending] Let me help you.
Look.
Look here.
Right in front of you.
Focus.
Can you see it?
Those are my fingers.
And you know what happens when I snap them.
(sfx:fingersnap)
(Chuckle)
[Amused] I can't believe you are still managing to cling to consciousness.
You really are *impressively* tenacious.
But between werewolf brawn and vampire cunning, it's obvious which is superior.
[Amused] Although, I will be the first to admit that [making fun of her ploy] "please let me entrance you, it will help you, honest" wasn't the most *ingenious* plot I ever came up with...
[Amused, pleased with herself] But hey, you can't argue with the results.
(Chuckle)
Not much going on anymore in that empty mind of yours, is there?
I’d better end this, before you drool all over my nice floor.
Let me just take hold of your muzzle… and tilt your head up… up... up…
Yesss.
Look at me.
Look into my eyes.
Good boy.
Now *sleep*.
(sfx:fingersnap)
 
[Optional: unintelligible whispers, fading out]
 
 
[Pause]
And awake again.
Now-
[Slight panic] No, no, look into- [was going to say look into my eyes, but cuts off as the werewolf breaks free]
(Astonished chuckle) I can’t believe you actually managed to look away from me. 
[Admonishing herself] I got careless.
[Pause]
[Sounding reasonable, exceedingly friendly] We aren’t done yet, Pet.
Look back into my eyes, please.
[Pause]
(Sigh)
[Admonishing] Come now, don’t be so stubborn.
This is for your own good.
Look into my eyes, Pet.
I know you can do it.
Aww, let me just cup…
[Admonishing] Pet! You shouldn’t growl at your Mistress.
[Pitying] I didn’t realize you were so *confused*.
It’s all right.
I won’t touch you.
Just… listen to my voice then.
I will explain things to you.
I am your Mistress, Pet.
Your Owner.
You obey me.
You remember, don't you?
I am your Mistress, and you obey.
Oh my poor little Pet.
Don’t growl.
You must be suffering some kind of delirium.
It's all right.
I can help you... but you *have* to look into my eyes.
You do remember looking into my eyes, don’t you?
My pretty, pretty eyes?
Yes, you remember them.
You remember how my eyes make you feel.
You’re imagining them right now, aren’t you?
My gorgeous, enthralling eyes.
Think about how *good* it feels to lose yourself in them.
Yesss.
My eyes make you feel so calm.
So relaxed.
So pleasantly blank.
It's a wonderful feeling, isn't it?
And that's just the *memory* of my eyes.
I can make you feel so much better still.
[Kind, gentle] Just look into my eyes, Pet.
[Kind, gentle] Look into my eyes.
Yesss.
[Pleased] There we go.
[Cold, commanding] Look into my eyes.
[Cold, commanding] Look *deeply* into my eyes.
 
(Chuckle)
[Amused] You really are stubborn.
Don’t worry, we can fix that.
[A hint of malice] You won't even *understand* what freedom *means* when I am through with you.
Just keep looking into my eyes.
[Amused] Well, it’s not like you have a choice anymore now.
(Chuckle)
[Musing] All that muscle. All that *strength*.
And yet… look at you now.
Completely helpless.
Putty in my hands.
 
(Chuckle)
[Excited] A *werewolf*!
 
Completely in my power.
Completely in my thrall.
 
And falling deeper all of the time.
Fallng deeper with every second you spend looking into my eyes.
Yes.
Open your mind to me.
Listen.
And sleep (sfx: fingersnap)
 
[Optional: unintelligible whispers, fading out]
 
Wakey, wakey.
Let me get a look at you.
(Chuckle)
Yes, much better.
You're my good boy now, aren't you?
Yes!
Yes, you are!
[Amused] Look at you.
So calm and relaxed, without a care in the world.
So happy and content.
[Affectionate] My gentle giant.
[Amused] My very own domesticated werewolf.
[Affectionate] My pet.
Come on, get on the sofa with me.
Rest your head on my lap.
Good boy.
Let me scratch behind your ears.
[Pause]
Mmm, this is nice.
You like ear skritches, huh?
Yes.
Yes you do.
You big furball, you.
My good boy.
(Chuckle)
I could get used to this.
(Sigh)
[Confiding, wistful] I don’t know how much you can still understand right now but… I want you to know that I won’t keep you like this.
I got a bit carried away.
[Teasing] You brought out the predator in me.
I’ll return you to your senses, when you go back to your human form.
Later.
[Teasing] You can be my lovable pet for a while longer.
[Pause]
You’ll have to work on keeping control in wolf form, you know.
[Reassuring] Don't worry, I will help you.
[Pause]
[Teasing] Although, I wouldn’t mind if you don’t get the hang of it right away.
[Teasing] I'd love to have an excuse to do this again. It was fun.
Mmm.
Maybe I don't even need an excuse.
Let's have a little chat about it, once you’re back to yourself.
[Teasing] Although… Maybe I should just do most of the talking.
[Teasing] You can do the listening.
(Amused chuckle, she’s kidding)
[Content sighing] Ahhh.
[Content] I’m so *glad* you decided to stay with me.
[Amused, teasing] And not just because it’s so much *easier* to control you when you think you have a choice.
(Amused chuckle, she’s kidding)
[Appreciative, musing] Ahh, so soft and fluffy.
[Pause]
(chuckle) Such a big yawn, Pet.
Are you tired?
Mmm.
You did have an exciting night.
Take a little nap in my lap then.
Yes, just go to sleep.
Sleep.
Good boy.Oh, hi, darling. What am I doing? Nothing much, really. Just making a cup of tea. Do you want some, too? Is something wrong, darling? Do I want to tell you something? Uhm, no? I don't think so?

Are you sure everything is alright? You look somewhat, uhm, annoyed. Did something happen? What was that? Oh, you found biscuits? My, isn't that nice? Don't you like biscuits? If I found biscuits- In your sock drawer. You found biscuits in your sock drawer? Again? Oh, my! Isn't that just so weird! I wonder why anyone would put biscuits in a sock dr-

We need to talk? Uhm, why? I'm doing it again? Doing what? I am just making myself a cup of tea, you see? I have absolutely no idea what you are-

There were biscuits in the case of the grandfather clock? Darling, didn't you just say they were in your sock drawer? Oh, there were biscuits in the grandfather clock *and* your sock drawer! And under the kitchen sink. And in the bottom drawer of the hallway sideboard? Under the wax cloth? And in your toolbox in the garage. Oh, I forgot about those ones - I mean, oh my, I have no idea who might have put biscuits in all those weird places! Such a mystery!

What? No, I didn't put biscuits in your toolbox! Why would I do such an outlandish thing? I have a problem? And we need to talk about it? Darling, come here, you look cold. It's freezing outside and you are not wearing your scarf again. Would you like to snuggle with my tail for a bit to warm you up? Here, let me just – no, I'm not trying to distract you! I'm not trying to distract you by brushing you all over with my tail! I'm just trying to warm you up! It's cold outside, you are freezing, I am your girlfriend and I'm trying to warm you up with my fluffy tail. Because I know how much you love cuddling with my soft, fluffy, cuddly tail!

Aaaand you are talking about the biscuits again. Darling, why would I hide biscuits all over the house? We have a biscuit shelf. It's right over there, here in the kitchen where it belongs, and it holds all the biscuits I could possibly ever want. By the way, do you want a biscuit? You know, just a little tea and biscuits while you cuddle my nice, warm, fluffy tail and-

Oh, baby, stop it already! No, I did not hide biscuits in your sock drawer! Why would I- What? Yeah, but that was last week. I admit, I hid biscuits in the distribution board, but that was back then! I was a different person then. I have grown since, become more reasonable, more mature. I told you I would stop hiding- What? Okay, yeah, it was me! You caught me! I plead guilty! You satisfied now? Is this what you wanted?

What? Why did I do it? Well, what if we wanted a biscuit and- Yeah, I know there's a biscuit shelf in the kitchen, but what if there's a snow storm and the power goes out and, uhm, I don't know, the refrigerator stops working and- yeah, biscuits don't need to be refrigerated. Uhm, but what about this: What if we couldn't get to the kitchen? Why? Well, maybe if there was a dangerous predator in the kitchen? Yeah, what if there was a snow storm outside and there was a bear in the kitchen and we- oh, there are no bears in this area. Yeah, but there's a bear girl in that house down the road! Yeah, I know she is working for a law firm, plays the violin and she invited us over for a barbecue last summer and she is really nice, but I still think if she got really hungry she might- no, I'm not scared of her! I am not! I am a courageous and confident squirrel girl and I- I am afraid of dogs, you are right. But dogs are scary!

(sounding like she is about to cry) I don't know either! I'm just so nervous all the time! It's like I constantly got this little voice in my head that keeps whispering: “What if this happens? What if that happens? What if there is a bear in the kitchen and you can't get to your provisions?” And then I make a little stash somewhere, you know, somewhere hidden where they can't find it, and then I feel relieved for a little bit, but then the anxiety comes back and I go back to worrying what might happen if our supplies run out and I get worried that you could starve in winter and I would be all alone and then I must create more secret stashes to protect you and-

(sobbing) No, don't hug me! I don't deserve hugs! I'm just a stupid, silly, crazy squirrel girl who's afraid that her boyfriend might starve because there's a bear in the kitchen and- (more sobbing) don't hug me! Don't fluff my tail! No, it feels nice, but I don't deserve it! Because I'm so stupid, stupid, stupid!

Why didn't I talk to you about it? Because I was scared that if you found out you would leave me. Because why would you wanna be together with a stupid, crazy squirrel girl?! Stop hugging me!

What? You wanna help me? What do you mean? Someone to talk to? Someone professional? No, I don't need- (crying) You're right, I probably need someone professional. But I'm scared! What? No, I'm not scared of talking to a therapist. I'm scared what people will think of me if they find out. And you. If I'm completely nuts and you get fed up with my craziness and you leave me and-

You wouldn't? You want to help me? You want to help me get through it? Really? Even though I hid biscuits in your sock drawer? Oh, I love you! I love you so frickin' much! I'm sorry I'm such a burden on you and putting you through so much trouble with my- Stop hugging me! No, don't stop! Actually, can you fluff my tail again? It feels nice. Thank you!

Do I want a biscuit? One moment, are these my sock drawer biscuits? Oh, they're the toolbox biscuits! I'm so sorry I- Are you sure you are not gonna leave me? Do you promise? Oh, I love you! Yeah, I would like another hug!(Playful) Come on then. From Hell’s heart you’ve summoned me forth, puny mortal. What twisted desires lurk in that little head of yours? What inventive ways are you going to make me your plaything? 
 
…You haven’t got *any* such desires? (giggle) Oh I’ll coax them out of you, my darling; one way or another. You mortals just *love* some teasing, don’t you?  
 
(Playful) You *really* don’t have any? (Giggle) Oh, you’re being very insistent. You almost sound like you’re telling the truth. 
 
In all my years of quenching mortal desires, you may be the most convincing liar I've ever seen. Bravo, puny mortal, I’ll have to fashion you a medal. 
 
You’re just lonely and need some company?
 
Don’t play with me, mortal. I know you’re just pretending.
 
(Pause for response)
 
(turning serious) Look, just cut the act. You’re very insistent, more so than most, but I’m too tired to play along anymore.
 
I know how this game goes. Of course you’ve got dark desires. You’re human. Do you think I was born yesterday? Like I’m some young little hatchling who’s just met her first mortal? I’ve seen this play out too many times.
 
(Pause for response) Shut up. Shut your mouth. I don’t care how many times you say it. A lie is still a lie.
 
(Growing Impatient) This innocent little lamb routine can end. Take off your mask. Go on, give me orders. Whatever you’re going to do, whatever you’re going to inflict on me, hurry up and get it done. Tell me what you want.
 
(In disbelief) What? Say that again.
 
*Intimacy?* (Laugh) *That’s* what you’re calling it, eh?  That’s your creative little rebranding? Don’t sugarcoat this while moonlight’s wasting. 
 
(Bitter) Come on, you twisted freak. I know you want to hurt me. 
 
I *know* you do. It doesn’t matter how loudly I scream in protest, or how much my throat burns from begging, that just adds to the excitement, doesn’t it? 
 
You humans *always* want to hurt me. So, come on then, out with it! Where are the chains, the hot coals, the knives and the pliers? What wicked tortures have you got waiting for me? 
 
-The Succubus lifts up papers, books and ornaments to try and find the Listener’s non-existent torture instruments
 
[Sfx shuffling paper, quiet shuffle of books being moved]
 
Come on. I know you’re hiding them somewhere.
 
Of course you are! Tell me what you want!
 
(Pause for response)
 
(In disbelief) You want to hold me…in your arms?...Because you’re lonely?
 
(Pause)
 
…No. 
 
Don’t you *dare* do this to me. You filthy little rodent, don’t you dare get my hopes up.  
 
(emotional) I…I want to believe you. I really do, I just don’t know. Your eyes look honest…your spirit, it *feels* honest too, but…this could just be another sick joke you animals like to play. 
 
(Pause)
 
You’d like me to sit beside you? On your bed?...Pull up your blankets first. Let me see underneath them, so I can check you aren’t hiding something. I want to believe you but I just…I can never be sure. 
 
Thank you. If you’re lying to me, I’m going to rain Hell on you personally, you can count on it. 
 
Okay, shall I sit here?
 
-She sits down beside the listener after some hesitation-
 
[Sfx: rustling fabric/ slight bed creak]
 
Okay, I’ve followed your orders, and I’m here now…What do you want? 
 
Move slowly and carefully. If I get a *hint* that this is some sick game, that you still want to hurt me, I’m breaking the contract early. I don't care what the Mother Superior has to say. She can punish me all she wants. 
 
You want to just hold me close to you? O-okay, I get it. Like this? 
 
-Her and the listener slowly come together in a hug- 
 
-The listener holds her gently and starts slowly stroking their hands up and down her back-
 
(Pause, taking in the feeling)
 
(In disbelief) I’ve never felt a human touch so gentle. You aren’t digging your nails into my skin, you aren’t crushing the air out of my lungs. It feels like a gentle breeze on my back. It feels….nice. 
 
Whenever I get a morsel of a good dream, I’ve always imagined what this feels like. I could never really picture it. It was like trying to imagine a new color, or a smell you’d never sensed. No fleeting dream could ever prepare me for this bliss. You’re stroking your fingers down my back so gently.  I feel…safe. 
 
(Sigh) Can you…keep going? 
 
(Cautiously) Don’t go any faster. Do exactly as I say.
 
…Even if you are lying. Even if this is all some pretense to hurt me. I’m happy I managed to get this moment. 
 
[Improv soft murmurs]
 
(Surprised, a little excited) …What did you just say?
 
(Exasperated) Can you stroke my hair? No, no I’m not angry at your question, it’s just that…you asked for my permission. Nobody ever even thinks of my consent, they just…(sigh).
 
 …yes, please go ahead. I give you permission.    
 
(soft gasp) Baphomet on a bicycle, that feels good! (Giggle) Sorry, that really surprised me. Your fingers feel nice
 
(giggle), Yes, sorry. It’s a common phrase in Hell. We say it all the time.
 
(Laugh) No, not to my knowledge. I’ve never actually *seen* Lord Baphomet on a bicycle before. 
 
Maybe he’s Insecure about it? (laugh) He could be. He rarely gives public appearances; he spends most of the time in his Infernal Palace. Maybe he wants peace and quiet to practice his unicycle. Wait- (breaking into laughter) No, I meant bicycle! 
 
Now I can’t get that image out of my head. (Giggle) One of the seven lords of Hell wobbling on a tight-rope, on his unicycle dressed like a clown. *You’d* buy tickets to see that? I’d happily pay for both our tickets.
 
(Improv soft murmurs)
 
You’d like to lie down? I don’t see an issue with that. 
 
[Sfx shuffling fabric as you both re-position]
 
Oh, yes. Mind the horns. They’re a little sharp. (Giggle)
 
somehow, this is even better than before. You’re giving off such a warm glow. This is a kind of tenderness that seems alien to me. heat has always meant burning agony, but this is just…comforting.  
 
-Moving their hand aimlessly, the Listener accidentally touches her tail
 
(Gasp) Oh, um, please don’t touch my tail like that. It’s very sensitive. 
 
-The listener does, quickly apologizing as they move their hand away-
 
(Sigh) I’m still struggling to take this all in. You actually listen to me. I know miracles are the man upstairs’ job, but I think I’ve just had my first one. It’s ironic, I know. 
 
(Giggles) Yes, even more miraculous than using a pentagram to summon a demon, if you can imagine it.
 
-The listener continues to play with the succubus’ hair and massage her back with their hand. She’s getting a warm feeling that’s making her giggle, like she’s drunk- 
 
(Improv soft murmurs growing into giggles)
 
(slurred) Sorry, what did you say? I was too busy melting away to listen (Giggle).    
 
(Suddenly more serious) Ah, about the  “Morsels of dreams” I’d get?…I see. Yes, well, Succubi are made to be perfect sensual creatures. Because of that, we feel everything far more intensely. Pleasure and lust, of course, but also pain and anger; even physical touch. So, when the other humans would hurt me…I…(sniff)
 
(Getting emotional) No, it's okay. I don’t want to stop. It’s the first time I’ve been able to vent my feelings, I’d like to keep going.
 
When the other humans would hurt me, It wasn’t just annoying, or a nuisance. It was pain that I can’t describe. Seeing their gleeful smiles would only make it sting harder. That torment wouldn’t stop after my sessions were finished. It would chase me into my dreams. I catch only morsels of good dreams because the rest are cruel nightmares. They reminded me of what’s waiting the next time I get summoned.
 
All until I met you.
 
(Giggle) I’m going to turn the tables here. This time, I have a request for *you*. 
 
While you’re stroking my hair, could you hold my hand?
 
-The listener moves one hand off her back to hold her hand. As usual, their movements are slow and gentle-
 
(Long Sigh) Yes, that’s okay. Thank you for checking to make sure. *That’s* the good stuff. I’ve always wondered what this feels like.
 
-Just as her eyes are beginning to close and her body relaxes, the Listener moves their hand away -
 
(Worried) W-wait. Please don’t stop. Where are you moving your hand? 
 
-The Listener pulls a thick faux fur blanket over the both of them-
 
[Sfx rustling of heavy fabric]
 
A fur blanket? Oh what sorcery is *this*?. I didn’t think this could get any better, but you’re full to the brim with surprises. You trickster (giggle). It *is* winter for you mortals, I suppose.
 
[Sfx rain slowly starts to fall outside, lasts until end of audio]
 
That’s right. I’ve heard talk of earthly weather from the other Succubi. The girls would gush about snow and sunsets together. I was always too frightened or in too much pain to notice. 
 
Now I can
 
…Rain sounds far better than I imagined. (Happy sigh)
 
You’d like us to fall asleep like this? That sounds like an excellent idea. No complaints from me.
 
(Pause)
 
I’ve never wanted to share this before, especially not to a mortal. but my name is Io. What’s yours?
 
That’s a wonderful name. Even before meeting you, I’ve always liked human names.  
 
Oh! I’ve got a secret to tell you too. 
 
(Whispering) When you summon a succubus, the contract actually lasts for 24 hours. 
 
Shhh, that’s an industry secret (Giggle). Summoning circles are written in dark-speech, so humans can’t read them. Usually we lie to our summoners a little bit; ‘Oh I’m sorry, I can only leave Hell for an hour, it’s part of the rules I’m afraid’. Sometimes we don’t, though; if we’re having a good time we keep quiet and stay a little longer.
 
I could spend the full 24 hours with you, if you’d like?
 
That sounds perfect. I’d like that too.
 
When we awaken tomorrow, I’ll place my sigil on your arm. No, no, It’s okay, there's no need to be afraid. It’s painless and only you can see it. Simply press it to summon me whenever you’d like. I’d gladly have some *intimacy* with you again. (Giggle)
 
(Pause)
 
(Hopeful) Will I finally get to dream?
 
Yes, I hope so too. I don’t see why not. I’m glad I believed you. You weren’t lying after all. 
 
Goodnight, puny mortal (giggle) I’ll see you in the morning.
 
[Improv soft, cuddly murmurs as much as you feel suitable]
 
 Can you believe the nerve of that waitress? I told her that we're just friends and she actually laughed. And she kept looking at me in this knowing way, like she knew my feelings better than I do.

...

 Can't a guy and a girl just be friends these days? Why does everyone assume we're dating? I mean sure, we spend a lot of time together, but that's natural, we've been friends since like, the first grade. That doesn't mean we're in love.

...

 Exactly! I'm so tired of having to explain to everyone why we're not a couple. Couples do all kinds of things together that we don't.

...

 Yeah. Like flirting. Couples flirt with each other and I don't.... Okay, well, I don't flirt with you that often.

...

 What's that supposed to mean? I-it's just, remember that time we went on a "not-date" for Valentine's Day? We did kind of flirt with each other then. B-but only for fun! We were hamming it up as a joke, that's all. *Nervous laugh*

...

 True. I guess we've kind of kept doing it since then. But not like, seriously, right? Oh not that I don't actually think you're handsome or anything! I do, ah, in a platonic way of course!

...

 Alright, so we do flirt. But that can't mean... Oh I know. Couples kiss! We don't do that. Sure I peck you on the cheek sometimes, but those don't count. They're not like, real kisses or anything. ... W-why do you not look convinced?

...

 The Christmas party? Oh yeah we did kiss then, didn't we? Stupid Danni and her stupid mistletoe. Whatever that was just some freak thing. Not that it wasn't enjoyable or anything but, ah, in a platonic way...

...

 What do you mean that wasn't the only time? Wait are you talking about that one time in High School? That was just some dumb teenage dare, that's all. Same with that time at the party or the other time at movie night!

...

 Okay so I guess we do kiss a little more than your average best friends. But that just shows how comfortable we are with each other. We can kiss and it's totally platonic!

...

 What else do couples do? They cuddle right? I know we do that too, but only when you make me watch scary movies. At least at first, now I do it because it's just so comfortable.

...

 Do I cuddle with any of my other friends? Well, no. But I'm not as close with them.

...

 I know! Couples go on dates and, sure we do a lot of the things couples do on dates. but we don't call them that.

...

 It is not bad logic!

...

 Prom? Okay, yeah you took me to prom, and homecoming. But those don't count, they were friend dates, not date dates.

...

 *Sighs* I know I just contradicted myself, didn't I? Wait I got it! Couples celebrate their anniversaries, and we don't have an anniversary!

...

 A friendship anniversary is not the same thing! I bet a ton of best friends go on a d- err, I mean hang out, on the day they met. *Awkward laugh*

...

 We hold hands too, but that doesn't count. At least it shouldn't.

...

 No, I don't know of any other best friends who go to fancy restaurants together, all alone. But that doesn't mean it doesn't happen!

...

 *Laughs* We're freaking out over nothing. Relationships aren't about the actions you take, it's about what you feel. That's why we're not a couple, it isn't about not kissing, it's about how we feel about each other.

...

 And how do I feel about you? Well I think you're funny, thoughtful, and kind. I feel happy and strong whenever I'm around you, and whenever we've been away from each other for too long, I start to miss you. I even remember getting a little jealous the last couple times you dated. And honestly, I think it's because I can't picture my life without you in it...

...

 ... Hey, so. Don't panic. But I think we're a couple.Hey there, I need to talk to you. Come with me to the empty room across the hallway, would ya?

[Silence]

What's with that look? You go deaf over the summer? I asked you to come with me, so we need to go. Now hurry up!

[More silence]

Hey, quit staring at me like that! You could at least answer someone when they're talking to you. (Sigh) Look, could you PLEASE come with me to the empty room across the hallway?

[You could hear a pen drop in the silence]

(Whisper) Oh, come on! What else do I have to do to convince you? (/Whisper) Alright, fine. Do you want something from me? Maybe more school supplies? Money? Maybe you've been eyeing some video game like the other nerds at school? Oh my god, just say something, please! I really wouldn't be trying this hard if it wasn't important, so please just come talk to me!

[Short Pause]

Apologize? For what?

[Silence]

You know what? Fine. I'm sorry for having Todd spill your lunch yesterday, you satisfied?

[Silence]

Ugh, and the time I had Todd dump the Gatorade tub over you at the football game.

[Silence]

Oh, come on, what else do you want from me? What, should I apologize for ruining that date you had? The only reason I did that was- (Deep breath) Fine, I apologize for that too. Now, can you come with me?

Look, I literally wouldn't even bother with you if it wasn't urgent. You are the only one I can talk to about this, believe me. I weighed all my options and you are the only one that wouldn't blow up in my face. Can you please stop with this and just come with me?

[Short Pause]

Geez, finally. Come on, let's hurry. Mr. Bradley, can you have our late passes ready for us when we come back. You're the best!

[Cut for a few seconds]

Ah, some peace and quiet. Really wish you didn't have to argue so much, the bell already rang and I'm missing Chemistry again. It's your fault if I flunk the quiz tomorrow.

Here, I'm just going to be straight with you; there's been some... extraneous circumstances and I need you to be my boyfriend for a week.

Ok ok, I know that sounds a little weird, but let me explain. I just need you to act like my boyfriend for a little bit, just a bit of flirting and maybe a little touching until after the school dance next week and I will literally leave you alone for the rest of high school. I will tell everyone else to leave you alone, and you will have zero problems for the rest of the time we're stuck in this school.

[Short Pause]

Yeah, I know I have Todd already, but this isn't about that. You could say this is something to make him a bit jealous. Wouldn't you like to get back at him a bit? Come on, just do it! You know what I can do if you refuse...

[Short Pause]

W-what do you mean I couldn't do worse if I tried?! I can ruin your life, y'know! I can destroy any friendships you have, don't test me!

[Short Pause

Rrrgh, fine! You don't want to do it, then don't! Leave for all I care! Go and live your sad life, I don't care!

[The listener turns to leave]

No, please wait, I didn't mean that! It's just... Look, I know I've been cryptic, I know you don't like me, but trust me, I wouldn't ask anything of you without a reason! Please come back and let me explain!

Alright, I'll tell you everything. It's just... I mean, it's really embarrassing, but... I-it's Todd, okay? He used to just be like a big dog that I could give a bit of attention to and he would do what I want, but lately, he's been different. He's been getting more distant and even a bit aggressive lately. No, he hasn't hit me or anything, just that he hasn't been listening to me like he was before. he's been getting a lot closer to my friends than I'd like. To put it bluntly, he's cheating on me.

[Short Pause]

No, I have evidence, too. I looked through his phone earlier this weeks and I found out he was sending texts with my friend Sarah. They were flirting and talking about me behind my back, and it made me so angry. I even tried looking through his window when he told me he was studying.

[Short Pause]

I know, right? That lug, studying?! I didn't believe it for a second! I looked through his window, and what did I see? I saw that bastard kissing that hussy, Jessica. He knows I hate her and he does this to me? After I saw that, I lost it. It was all so... so...

[Start crying]

So horrible! How could he do this to me? I mean, if both he and Sarah are doing this behind my back, than are all my friends in on this? I feel so alone... I didn't know who to turn to, because I couldn't trust anyone... I'm supposed to be the most popular girl in the school, the one that everyone respects and adores, but now it feels like everything is falling apart! Before I know it, I'll be a recluse just like you!

[Continue crying for a bit, but then slowly stop]

(To yourself) N-no, stop, you're stronger than this. You didn't get to the top of the food chain by crying. Actually, wait... Oh God, why am I doing this in front of you?! Did I really just show all that to you?! This is so embarrassing! Pretend you never saw that, got it?!

(Sigh) Anyway, like I said before, this can be beneficial for both of us. I can get back at that cheating jerk, and you can finally get your revenge for everything he did to you. We play up our relationship like we're just so happy without him and I can teach him a lesson about playing around. If he wants to fool around with my friends behind my back, then I can play around with anyone I want too!

Not only that, but you can show him that you're better than him, that you can take much better care of me than he ever could. Would you want to show him the what-for and finally get that one-up on him?

[Short Pause]

Why you? Well, that's the thing. I couldn't ask Todd's friends because they're both too stupid to understand what I need and too loyal to Todd. If I try anything with them, they'll either brag about how they "scored" with me or snitch on me to him, and I can't risk that. I certainly can't ask any of the other nerds, either because they're too shy and weak-willed. They'll either run and abandon me when Todd shows up or stand up to him and get crushed.

But that's where you come in. You've always been the quiet type, so I know you aren't gonna kiss and tell, and despite all you've been through, you've never failed to tell off either me or Todd and stand up to us. Not to mention, while I'm a bit embarrassed to admit it, I've noticed how you bulked up a bit over the summer. You been lifting any since then?

Well, all I'm trying to say is, I need you to make this work, and you will only come out of this better for it. Just pretend you're my boyfriend for a week until after the fall dance, we have a "falling out" and then break up, simple as that. I get my reputation back as the one girl everyone should be fearful of angering, and you get that sweet, sweet revenge on the guy that's been bullying you all these years. Doesn't the idea sound tantalizing?

[Short Pause]

Alright, alright, I understand. I'll also have Mr. Bradley change the grade of your last English test. He's basically under my thumb since I caught him with Stacy, anyway. (Whisper) Suck me dry like a vampire, why don't ya? (/Whisper) Do we have a deal or not?

Great! Glad we could finally agree on something! Hey now, don't leave just yet! We still need to set the ground rules! I trust that you won't take this too far, but I have to let you know what is and isn't allowed so you don't get any funny ideas about us.

First of all, just because you're pretending to be my boyfriend, that doesn't mean you have to talk to me at every opportunity. If you see me outside of school and we're not around our friends, do not approach me. I will not acknowledge you unless I have to.

While we are in school, you are going to shower with me with compliments and basically show me off, especially in front of Todd. Touching will be kept to a minimum. I will allow the arm over the shoulder, hand holding, or in case of an emergency, a hug. There will never be a situation where I will ask you to kiss me, so don't even dream of it.

And finally, and this is the most important part, after this is done and the dance is over, we are splitting up and going our separate ways. Never forget that this is business and there is nothing else to it. You end up falling for me, and that's your problem. Do not make this any harder for either of us than it already is.

Ok, you got all that written down?

[Short Pause]

Ugh, of course you didn't. Look, you do get it, right? Just flaunt our relationship a bit, don't talk to me outside of school, keep touching to the bare minimum, no trying to kiss me and most of all, NO FALLING IN LOVE!

Alright, you're free to go. Be sure to see Mr. Bradley for your late pass. See you tomorrow for class, babe.
(You approach the listener while they’re laying in bed)

Hey, honey/sweetie/darling?

I um,

I can see that you're in really rough shape… and I want to propose something to you.

I think it would be best if I took over the Dom role for today, just for a little while.

You know I'm not the strongest switch in the world… but you know I love it when you're acting all subby for me, right?

(Listener responds)

It's just that I had a problem in the past that- (deep breath)

(Collecting your thoughts)

I judge myself harshly sometimes when I think about how well I could be a Dom for you and I’ve tried to stay away from it, because I thought I wasn't strong enough…

but seeing you right now in your current state, well- I can see that you're exhausted and need extra attention.

(Playfully) You always do so much for me so I want to help you. Besides, I can't expect you to be Dom all the time for me.

I think I want to try my hand at doing this, at least until you get better, okay?

(Listener asks what you think they need)

I think you need someone who can reassure you and hold you and make you feel like you're going to be okay - because I know you are! I know you're going to be okay

It's just..

I’m here for you. I have a feeling that you'll believe what I’m saying a whole lot more than if I'm acting like your good girl.

(Resolve, as if coming to a conclusion) I know what you need and I'm going to give it to you, if you're okay with that.

(Listener confirms)

Thank you honey/sweetie/darling.

(With a little more confidence than before) I'm going to hold you, okay?

(Listener expresses concerns over you getting sick)

No- No- don't worry about me getting sick, alright? We're going to be fine. You don't need to think about that right now.

I'm gonna just hold you.

Next to me.

I'm going to lay down in bed with you.

[Light sounds of bed sheets rustling]

Hmm.

And have you rest your head on my tits. (Happy sigh)

That’s it.

I'm so lucky to have such a good boy. A strong, smart soul in my life.

I love you so much.

(Under your breath) Mine. (kissing noise as if kissing the top of their head)

(Speaker is appreciating the moment)

Now.. I have plans for us for the rest of the day.

(Speaker inquires about what that could be)

For starters, you are going to do a lot of resting.

I don't want to see you doing anything you don't have to, alright?

I'm going to take care of you.

I'm going to bring you everything you need, you just have to ask.

And please don't hesitate to ask.

(With a smile) I'm going to look after you.

Now, I'm going to get you some of the comfiest blankets in this place.

And I'm going to wrap you up good.

I’ll find your headphones and we're going to put on something nice for you to listen to, that just drones on and on-

Don't feel bad for falling asleep, okay honey/sweetie/darling?

I want you to rest.

Because when you're resting, that's when your body can heal.

(Observing the listeners face) Hmmm.

(The beginning of slower cadence as if the listener is starting to fall asleep in your arms) So…

You're going to stay in bed

and listen to me talk for a little bit.

I'm going to run my fingers through your hair.

and I might just start rambling on about something that you don't care about...

but that's okay, because I just need you to hear me while you fall asleep

Taking a deep breath, relaxing the oh-so tense muscles in your back and your shoulders.

and drift in and out of sleep.

Nothing else matters right now,

you don't really need to pay attention to what I'm saying, honey/sweetie/darling.

I just want you to relax.

I just want you to feel comfortable and good.

(Another kiss on their head)

I know you're tired, that's okay- you're going to feel better later.

I'm right here and I'm going to hold you and shower you with so much affection you won't know what to do with it.

(Happy Sigh) We're going to get you back on your feet.

(Slow cadence ends here) (A long pause is here. 7 seconds minimum.)

(Whispered) When you get up later.

(Listener is half-asleep)

(Whispered) When you wake up,

(Whispered) We can watch those movies you like...

(Listener sleepily mumbles out a question about which movies)

(Whispered)(Said with a smile) You know which ones

(Whispered) And I'll make something for us to eat, that won't put your stomach through the ringer…

(Whispered) And we'll keep doing this until you feel better

END.Hey baby ---

[Kiss]

I told you that you didn’t need to wait up for me. The meeting always take forever this time of year, the witching hour almost turned into the witching morning.

...

Are you still studying? Baby, your test is the day after tomorrow, you need your sleep. Listen, I know you’ve been working really hard to get ready, and I know you’re going to do your very best.

Do I need to put you to bed?

Hey. Listen. I’m the boss around here, right? You know I love you, and I want what’s best for us. So turn that brain off and do what I say, ok? Let’s get you to bed.

[Kiss]

I want you to think about how nice and warm and soft our sheets are, how comfy your pillow is, and I don’t just mean the one on the bed. I washed everything this morning, so even our pajamas are soft and fresh tonight. Come with me.

Still reluctant.

Alright, you leave me no choice, if you want to do your best on your exam, then we’ll have to do this the hard way

...

Mhmm, how observant. How are you going to study if your loving, wonderful, witchy girlfriend is straddling your lap, huh? Such a thorny problem, it’s almost like that’s what I was going for.

Baby.

You are so smart and so sexy. But I want you to know --- Hey, eyes up here, look at me --- but I want you to know, no matter how this test turns out, I’m not the one testing you. You could walk out with the lowest score in the world and I would still be positively crazy about you, because you’re kind, you listen to me, and the way you see things brings so much joy into my life.

[Chuckle]

You could be as dumb as a rock, and I’d still be here, sitting on your lap, arms over your shoulders, telling you how dreamy you are. Now I’ve got some very special lipstick here. Bright, bubblegum pink. Soft, not too waxy. I love this color, but I can’t eat or drink when I wear it, because it just rubs off on everything.

I left my compact in my purse, but...I’ve got you here. And I know magic always makes your head spin because it’s more symbolic than logical, so let me *spell *it out for you. I can use the reflection in your eyes to help me put on my lipstick. There’s something I like about that, I’m literally using how you see me as an instrument while I make myself more beautiful for you.

Mhmm.

Do you really have time to think about studying while I’m squeezing your waist with my thighs? Maybe you shouldn’t worry so much about this test, and start paying attention to what trouble I’m brewing up for you.

[Kiss, slow, soft]

Sorry, I didn’t mean to say you should worry, because you shouldn’t have to worry about anything. This is only the most fun kind of trouble. I’m going to give you another little cheek kiss.

[Kiss]

Isn’t that just nice? The faint warmth of my mouth, my lips gently pressing against your skin. It tingles a little, doesn’t it? The warmth lingers, like a glowing feeling, almost. Spreading up your face, down to your collar. Tingling down your spine. Don’t worry about putting it into words. All you need to know, really, is that it feels good, and relaxing. Just let me run my fingers along the back of your neck, I know you like it so.

[Kiss]

Mhmm. That leaves you unbalanced, doesn’t it? Then I think I should kiss the other cheek again, just to even you out.

[Kiss]

Your eyes are starting to droop. Poor dear. It’s so cute how you want to fight this.

[Kiss]

But you can’t, sweetie. This little ritual, this slow dance of we’re doing of touching and kissing, I’m marking you with my affection.

[Kiss]

And you’re melting like butter. You’re trying to be strong, but ---

[Kiss]

But every kiss makes things even more tingly. I like watching it spread through your body.

[Kiss]

All your tension fleeing your body. Going down your chest, into your arms, your legs, being chased away by this relaxing magic. Mhmm, I’m running out of space to kiss you, I think I should start kissing your neck.

[Kiss]

And of course that just deepens your feeling of bliss. Your relaxation is like a wheel that only turns one way, the calm, tingly feeling just grows inside you. Don’t you think my kisses are nice?

Do you remember what you were doing? It’s alright, it doesn’t even bother you because you’re too busy enjoying how relaxed you are, from the top of your head, down to the tips of your toes. You might start losing track, are you awake or are you asleep right now? Your eyes are getting so heavy, aren’t they? You might not have notice before, but now that you’re thinking about it, it’s just too hard to keep them open. Not that there’s much for you to see, you can just listen to my voice.

[Kiss]

And enjoy my sweet little kisses. They’re going to take you to dreamland, and I’ve got something special for you.

[Glass tinkling]

I know you can’t see it, so I’ll just tell you what it is. I’ve got a little glass bottle, just for you. A good witch is always ready to bottle ingredients, and you have something very important that you just don’t need right now. It’s going to hold all your thoughts. Uh-huh, every last one of them. They’re so extra, when you’re doing such a good job getting all relaxed and sleepy. And they’ll still be there tomorrow, so I’m just going to take them away.

[Kiss]

Take them away, one by one.

[Kiss]

Doesn’t that feel so much better? I’m just going to kiss them all away. Maybe kiss your ears.

[Kiss]

Mhmm, that was a tasty one, you had all these big thoughts in your head.

[Kiss]

All these things on your mind, and now you don’t.

You couldn’t think even if you wanted to.

[Kiss]

If you try to remember, you just get...

Bliss. That feeling of relaxation swallows you.

You’re turning --- [Kiss] --- brainless.

I’m kissing you stupid.

Kissing your forehead.

[Kiss]

And holding you close to me.

And I’ll let you hold onto one little thought. One little idea won’t hurt, and you know, if it’s the only one you’ve got, we can really let it sink in.

[Deliberately] I’m proud of you.

That’s it. That’s the little thought I’m letting you keep.

[Kiss]

Everything else just..fades away. There’s no if’s and’s, or but’s. I’m proud of you. Such a little idea. And your mind is so mushy right you can’t think any thoughts, but if you do.

If you dream, sweetie.

You only have one thought. And it’s going to bloom into the sweetest dreams for you, baby.