Hey you.
What are you still doing up?
Let's watch the rain together for a bit.
 
 
 
Shhhhh.
Don't talk.
Just listen.
Listen to the rain.
It's so soothing.
So relaxing.
And it's such a complex sound, too.
It's easier to hear if you close your eyes.
Close your eyes darling.
Come on, do it for me?
Thank you.
Rest your head on my chest.
That's it.
Very good.
Just relax and let me play with your hair for a bit.
Isn't this nice?
Sshhh.
Just nod your head.
Mmhmm.
Now, listen to the rain.
As I was saying, it is such a complex sound.
You can hear the general hiss of thousands of tiny droplets hitting the ground every second.
That sound is obvious.
But there's also the soft drumming of the rain on the roof.
The subtle tap-tap-tap on the leaves.
Listen carefully.
I'm sure you can hear it all, if you focus.
Mmmhm.
It really is a wonderful sound.
So relaxing.
So soothing.
I love listening to the rain and just letting my thoughts drift away.
Mmmhmm.
It's so nice.
I could listen to it all day.
Not doing anything.
Just relax and listen to the rain.
If you listen very carefully, you can just make out the gentle pattering of the rain against the windows.
Listen.
It always fascinated me as a kid, you know.
The way a raindrop slides down a window.
It still does.
I love following a single droplet as it makes its way down.
Sliding down the window.
Sometimes fast, sometimes slow.
Sometimes going a little to the left, sometimes a little to the right.
Down... Down... Down.
Imagine it.
See it in your mind.
A huge window, full of little droplets of rain.
Pick one of them, close to the top of the window.
Focus on it.
It's not moving now, but it's just a matter of time.
Almost...almost... there it goes.
Follow it.
Follow it with your eyes as it slides down.
That's it.
Follow it down.
Down... down... down.
You are doing very well, darling.
Now look for another drop.
See it in your mind.
Focus on it.
Wait for it to start moving.
Aaaaand.... follow it down.
The raindrop is sliding down.
And you are sliding down right along with it.
Down... down... down.
Until finally... it melts away into a big puddle.
Just like you are melting into a big puddle of relaxation.
Mmmhmm.
You are so relaxed. 
So heavy.
So drowsy.
And it feels... so ... good.
So... very... good, to lie here.
Your head, resting on my chest.
Feeling so safe.
So comfortable.
And you can just barely feel my fingers... slowly gliding through your hair.
Tracing little circles with my fingertips.
Gently massaging your scalp.
You... feel wonderful.
There is nothing to do.
Nothing to think about.
You can just lie here, listening to the rain.
Listening to my voice.
Following my voice.
Letting it guide you.
Guide you deeper and deeper into relaxation.
Deeper and deeper down.
You are doing so well.
Feeling so relaxed.
So drowsy.
So heavy.
Just let go.
Let everything go.
Just let yourself collapse into my arms.
There we go.
I got you.
Shhh, I got you.
Lie back now, darling.
Really let yourself sink down into the cushions.
The cushions are so soft.
And your body is so heavy.
So limp.
So loose.
Feel yourself starting to sink down through the cushions now.
They are like clouds.
Soft and fluffy and insubstantial.
You are sinking through them and it feels so good.
Just sinking down.
Deeper and deeper down.
Weightlessly floating.
Floating down.
Without a care in the world.
Just relaxing.
Letting your thoughts drift.
Listening to the sound of the rain.
Enjoy this, darling.
Enjoy the sound of my voice.
My presence.
And keep sinking deeper down.
Relax.
Let everything go.
Let your thoughts drift away.
There is nothing to think about.
Just listen.
Listen to my voice.
Listen to the sound of my breathing.
 
 
Let the sound of my breathing take you deeper.
 
 
 
 
Just enjoy being here with me.
 
 
Letting me guide you.
 
 
Letting me take you deeper.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

No! Please don’t freak out! I know how this looks but I don’t mean any harm.





You’re ok with it? Are you sure? You’re a complete stranger and I don’t want to be a bother. Well, more of a bother than I’ve already been.

Thank you. None of my family ever cared to listen. I haven’t proven myself” or whatever.


It’s nice to meet you. I wish it could’ve been through a different situation, though.

I’m assuming this is the first time you’ve talked to any demon so I’m sure you have questions. I’ll go ahead and explain things the best I can. As I said succubi and incubi can absorb any kind of strong emotion as energy. That’s how we feed. It’s a painless process. Well, unless the demon is absorbing agony but those types are very rare. It’s honestly a waste of good energy, by being nice to a human you’ll have a repeat customer” in a sense. 

Oh it happens quite often. My kind are all around you, you just don’t know it. The process of absorbing emotional energy also wipes the human’s memory. They don’t forget a whole lot but it's just enough not to remember the event. 



Oh. You had something else in mind. What was it?

You’re right, I did wake you up and should probably help you fall back asleep. But I don’t see how that will help me.



Wow. I’m touched…Thank you. 

Alright. It’s time for a good old-fashioned pampering. Before we start, do you need anything? Food, water, bathroom break?


Here you go. Drink up.



There we go.Comfy?


How does that feel?



Excellent. Keep breathing like that for me. Next I’ll wrap my arms around you. Let me know if I need to squeeze tighter or loosen my grip.

Now it’s time for my specialty. How about some positive affirmations? 

Great. You deserve to know how cherished you are. I really do appreciate what you’ve done for me tonight. You have such a kind heart.


I know it’s not easy all the time. I wish it was. You deserve an easy ride through life but, unfortunately the world isn’t always fair. I can’t fix your problems, but I can be here. Right now, you have my full attention. 

You are worthy. Your life has value, just by you being yourself. I’m proud of you, for everything that you’ve done. I know we’ve just met but I can tell that you have done amazing things, even if you don’t think so. I care about your wellbeing, and as long as I’m here, I'll take care of you. Because you deserve it.

Aww, your smile is really cute. Don’t try to hide it, it makes you all the more amazing.

 
I got your text not too long ago. As soon as you told me you were feeling lonely I came rushing right over, because there's no way I can leave my good boy alone when you need me, sweetie. I'm like your super girl. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ok! Here it is. Tada! I know it doesn't look like much. And well... That's because it's a key. But it's not just any key! It's the key to my house! 
 
 
But I'm getting off track here. The point is I felt like this was a good way to comfort you and take care of your needs is all. And good company is a need just like hunger or thirst. And you're my huggable good boy so you know I'll always drop everything to take care of your needs. Any of them.
 
So any time you feel lonely and you want to talk or even just to be with me, feel free to come on over. It doesn't matter what time of day or night it is. You can come whenever you like. 2 AM. 3 AM. You name it. Even if I'm not awake I really don't mind. So for instance if you ever feel like you're just dying to cuddle someone, you can visit my place. You can walk right in, even if I'm asleep. And you can slip right on into my bed and cuddle me. I give you full consent. 
 
And my place isn't that far from you. It's walkable. I moved just so I could be next to you, after all. But even so if you want me to give you a ride just give me a call. Or a text if you prefer. I know calling can be anxiety-inducing sometimes. Whatever makes you more comfortable. I just want to comfort you and love you. Because there isn't anything in the world I love more than you. Since you're my wonderful good boy.
 
I love you so much. I know I say that a lot. But that's just because it's true! So I hope it's not a bother, when I say I love you so much. You don't think it's a bother, right? I'm probably just overthinking things a lot. You like it when I tell you I love you, don't you? I mean of course you do. You called me over here just because you wanted some attention, right? And there's nothing wrong with calling me over for attention, since I love giving it to you and I always love getting attention from you too! Well... I guess you didn't really call me over to visit I visited on my own initiative... But still... 
 
I guess what I'm trying to say is you're my good boy and I love you. I don't know why I'm making things so complicated. The truth is just that I love you, is all. I love you.
 
I think about you all the time. Whether I'm with you or whether I'm all alone, without you. And I'm without you much more often than I'd like. So it made me really glad to get your text, actually. It gave me an excuse to come visit you. And I always want to visit you.
 
 
But you're always telling me how lonely you are when I'm not around. It makes me feel... safe. It makes me feel secure. Like I don't have to worry about getting hurt by you leaving me. I'd hate that. I'd hate for you to leave me. I don't know what I'd do. But you'd never leave me, right? Because you're my good boy. And because you're lonely just like me. I'd never leave you either, of course. 
 
You're a permanent part of my life. I couldn't exist without you. I can only get out of bed because I think about how maybe I'll be able to see you today. I can only go to work thinking maybe I can use my next paycheck to buy you something nice. I just can't express how much I love you. 
 
 
 
And I'm yours too of course, sweetie. I'm always here for my good boy. It's my pleasure to be able to help you. I just wish I could help you more.
 
When you texted me about how you were lonely I just felt so... I wish I could have been right next to you as soon as I got that text. I wish I could have just teleported to your side. Because if you're hurting from feeling lonely I don't want you to have to suffer that for a single second longer. You're too good for that. You're too much of a good boy to have to go through that. 
 
But you know... You don't have to suffer this alone. I know I gave you the key to my place so you could come over whenever you like... But it doesn't just have to stop there. If you'd like, you could move in with me. I think it would be a good environment there for you. It'll just be the two of us. There's no one else there to bother you. Other than me, but I'm not a bother, right sweetie? 
 
And I always keep the place super spotless and clean because I always want it to look the best for you. So I'm sure you'll find it a very welcoming experience. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Quietly talking to herself. sighs Finally, home sweet home."

Sound of her closing the front door and pulling her boots off.

 Quietly to herself and sounding giddy. Hubby is gonna be so excited that I got the latest 'Teenage-Something-Ninja-Cat-Girl' manga."

 Huh...it's so quiet...honey!? I'm home!!"

Sound of her walking upstairs and opening a couple of doors as she checks from room to room.

 Hey there you ar-Hey hey hey! what happened!?"

Sound of her quickly sprinting over to the listener and crouching down in front of them.

 Hey! honey don't flinch away from me, it's me, your girlfriend!"

Sound of rustling as the listener once again flinches away from her.

 W-What...happened? I've never seen you this upset before, please tell me."

 No I won't get mad, I promise."

 I mean it, I won't get mad no matter what you tell me."

 Please? at this rate, I'm worried you might actually get a heart attack or something just as serious!"

 Huh? yeah of course I remember, it was only last Christmas that my mom gifted me that vase."

 ...It...broke?"

 So you accidentally knocked it over while I was gone?"

 This is what got you soo upset, made you have a full-blown panic attack?"

 Oh honey... it was a genuine mistake, I'm not gon-"

She gets cut off by the sound of the listener flinching further away from her.

 Please honey, I only want to hug you, I can't stand seeing you so upset."

 Y-You thought I was going to hit you?"

She releases a shocked and shakey sigh.

 Listen...I know that we've only been dating for a half year now...a-and I don't know everything about your past, but I. Will. Never. Hit. You. Ever."

 And if you ever happen to do and or say anything that will make me angry, sad, shocked, whatever, I'm not gonna hit you for any reason."

 When you have concerns over something or something made upset you, what do you do?"

 That's right! you talk to me! you calmly approach me and talk with me about it, no mean words, no shouting, no hitting."

 It's something that has only made me fall more in love with you over time, and it's also the way that I like to solve problems or bring up concerns."

 So please don't ever think I would hit you."

 Your Ex? you never said much about them, not that I mind, but now that makes even more sense."

 What? this went on throughout the entirety of it?"

 I don't understand how someone can be so awful, hurt someone like you, someone who always means well."

Sound of cloth rustling as she hugs the listener, her voice is from here on really close and either on the listener's left or right side.

 Shhh shhh I've got you, darling, I've got you."

Sounds of her stroking the listener's hair begin from here till the end.

 I've got you and I'm not going to hurt you, neither am I going to let anyone else hurt you."

 Oh yes, I've got you and I'm not letting go until you feel better."

She gives the listener a kiss.

 I love you too."

 Don't worry about the vase, I can just replace it, I can't replace you."

 There is only one you, only one you that can make me swoon, laugh, and smile like that."

 Only one you that I'm gonna marry."

 Oh yes I will marry you, you can bet your sweet buns I will."

 ...Actually don't bet your buns, your sweet buns are only for me."

A minute of comfortable silence, only her breathing and the sounds of her still stroking the listener's hair being audible.

 Feeling better? yeah? okay."

 Now I got something that might cheer you up, something we'll both love."

 Now let me just lean against the bedframe like this and then pull you on my lap..."

Cloth rustling as she pulls the listener on her lap.

 ...like that! giggle"

 In the store, I was not just able to find cookies and such but also...the latest manga of 'Teenage-Something-Ninja-Cat-Girl'!!!!"

 So now we can just read it together, with you all snug on my lap, in fact, I'm going to read it to you."

Her voice starts fading out as she starts reading to the listener.

 Despite her archnemesis's attempts to thwart her plans, Silver Cat was to defeat him and send her back to prison, but now she has a new obstacle in her way...another book club meeting!!"


 THIS!! all of this right here!"

 Look at me, I'm wearing an apron for hell's sake!!"

 O-Oh thank you...I do look good in it don't I? that's why I'm wearing it..."

 N-No WAIT YOU'RE DOING IT AGAIN!!!"

 Don't look at me like that, you know exactly what I'm talking about."

 Growls. I'm wearing an apron, I'm baking cookies right now for us...y-you...you turned me into your housewife!!"

 I'M LUCIFER DAMMIT!!"

 I'm Lucifer the leader of hell, the evilest being in existence!!!"

 But then you come around with your...y-your sweet, sexy, kind ways and then...suddenly we were together and...I left hell for good...and then...we got married."

 How did this even happen?"

 Oh nonononono, I'm not saying I don't like it, I just don't understand how you managed this."

 ..."With my love for you" that is soo cheesy but also soo you, so cute you, c'mere!"

Sound of her peppering the listener's face with kisses.

 Huh? oh yeah, I do smell something bur-MY COOKIES!!!"


 So uh...nervous chuckle. I kinda burned that plate of cookies..."

 The oven is fine, but the cookies are bad, even worst than angel food."

 Oh yeah angel food is bad, anything they do up there is bad. shudders."

 Yucky angels aside, that plate was my last batch of...four...so we have more than enough to eat still."

 Yes I made four batches! I can't help myself okay, you're just so cute when you're eating my cookies, and then you-ugh. I could make cookies all day for you and your sweet cheeks."

 See, this is what you've turned me into...a housewife."



 Damm right I like it, I love the sound of it, your wife, it has an intoxicating ring to it~"

 Not as intoxicating as you though~"

 Oh? is that right? well you're in luck, I used my powers to make the bed capable of...withstanding your wild side, no more interruptions from the bed breaking."

 Hmm? how my day was? pretty normal."

 Yeah I went out this morning to buy some things from the store downtown, everything was fine till Veronica showed up."

 I swear she's the densest woman out there, she still isn't picking up on the fact that A. we're not friends, and B. I DON'T WANNA HEAR HER BLOODY STORIES!!"

 She just kept going on and on about her job and some Joe who I don't even know, but the worst thing is that she called me Lucy!! only you can only call me that..."

 I know...I know, gotta leave that stress behind."

 ...I'm not sorry if I light her on fire the next time."

 No I don't care, if I have to endure that again I'm setting her on fire."

 Come on, let's grab some cookies and cuddle up on the bed, you can pick a movie, and later we can get...lusty~"

 Chuckles. Of course I'm grabbing some beers as well."And– time.


Twelve minutes and fifty-six seconds. Same as last time. I think the twelve fifty-seven might’ve been down to user error on the stopwatch, but we should check a few more times just to be sure. The larger the sample size the more likely it isn’t a fluke.

You’ve been timing your day-to-day deaths too, right? It seems like those usually last longer, which I’m guessing is due to your curse trying to keep itself as secret as possible. Otherwise every man-eater in a hundred mile radius would know about you by now. You gotta wonder about the motivation there, though– most of us would just take advantage of the situation, case in point, so if the idea is to maximize the number of times you get offed it seems counterproductive to keep it from happening. What do you think?

Still can’t talk, huh. Okay, blink once if it’s the Tied Tongue and twice if you need some water.

Water. Figures. I drained you pretty thoroughly there.


Alright, here you go. Chin up. Small sips, babe, that’s right. Good job.


You ever just stop and think about how weird this whole thing is? We’ve got the scientific rigor of an eighth grader making a baking soda volcano, but with so much more murder. Maybe I should start giving you a gold star every time you sputter back to life. No, wait, you should give me gold stars. I’m the one taking notes.


Here. Think you can hold it on your own yet, or are your hands still too shaky?

Don’t strain yourself. I don’t mind helping you with your drink. You helped me with mine, after all.


Ouch. First thing you manage to get out is an insult. Prickly as always.

Hey, now that you’re talking again, I was wondering– are you always this messed up when you come to? You are with me, but. . . what about the longer stints of croaking?

Wait, wait, hang on. Let me get my notebook back out.


Okay. So. Let’s stick with draining deaths for now, just for the sake of keeping the variables the same. Back in the dark times before you met the world’s best lab partner vampire, how’d you feel when you clawed your way back to the world of the living?


Uhuh.

Right.

Well, it’s anecdotal, but. . . it seems like maybe the longer you spend dead, the more your body fixes itself up? I wonder if you’re even all the way healed right now. This might just be the bare minimum of functionality. It’d explain why you feel like shit.


Okay, yeah, having every drop of blood drained out of your body would also explain it, sure. I can’t help it if I’m thorough. You just taste so fucking good.

Mh. Kinda wanna go in for round two. . .


Jesus! I wasn’t serious! You need to stop throwing things, it’s getting to the point I feel nervous anytime I hand you something fragile.

Oh, by the way. Your brother texted while you were out. He was wondering what you wanted from Ambrosia, so I told him to get the number six.

What? What’s that look for?

I unlocked your phone with your cold dead fingerprint and remembered what you ordered last time I was over during dinner. It’s not rocket science.

I wasn’t gonna let him worry about you not answering when it was something I could handle. What, would you prefer I left him on read?

Thought so. Anyway, I wouldn’t have done it if he was asking something personal. I’m not stupid. And I’m not your secretary, so I’m not gonna be fielding texts from everyone. I was just, y’know. Looking out for my friend.

Anyway. Our sample size here is still pretty small, but the timing seems to be coming out fairly consistent. I wish I could get you in an actual lab sometime, get a look under the hood. . .

No shit I like this stuff. I wouldn’t have started trying to figure it out if I didn’t. You’re a puzzle, babe, and I’m gonna take you apart piece by piece.

Okay, bad metaphor. My point stands. The place where biology and magic intersect is interesting. I could probably study it until the sun burns out and never have a boring moment.

. . .I can’t. The bioalchemy major is, uh. Well. Let’s just say they make you send in blood samples with your application. No monsters allowed in that field.


Well, it’s a pain in the ass to process that kind of thing. They can’t do it for everyone. Maybe someday if they come up with a cheaper, quicker test I’ll get kicked out of academia entirely. Hell, when you humans finally hit that breakthrough you’ll probably succeed in your long-term goal of wiping all us creepy-crawlies out.

I mean, I get it. It’s not like anyone mourned for smallpox. I’ve chewed my way through a solid chunk of humanity; I know how this is gonna end. Fun ride while it lasts, though.

Anyway. You have a dinner to get to. Can you stand okay yet? Maybe have another glass of water before you go, I don’t want you to pass out on the way home and get picked up like takeout.

Quit looking at me like that. That’s all the vampiric brooding you’re gonna get for now. I don’t wallow, babe. Live fast, die young and all that.

Or, in your case, live at a regular pace, occasionally interrupted by inconvenient fits of death. But that’s less catchy, so I think I’ll stick with being a well-fed monster who will one day reap what’s been sewn.

Come on, I’ll walk you to the door. I should really start stocking juice boxes or something. Might help you bounce back a little faster.

I’d ask you to say hi to your brother for me, but that’s got disaster written all over it, so I guess I’ll just tell you to have fun at dinner.

Oh, and leave your window unlocked tomorrow night. Unless you want me snapping the lock again.


Hey, I gotta keep you on your toes! It’s no fun if I can’t scare you.

 
 
Ahh, it would appear that you summoned me directly to your bedroom.
 
 
I suppose there is no one better than a succubus for all those debaucherous ideas.
 
…
 
 
That is the reason you summoned me?
 
…
 
 
 
…
 
 
 
…
 
Of course, Honey. Everyone gets lonely.
 
You do not need to feel bad. 
 
Loneliness can affect the heart of anyone.
 
You are absolutely not the only person to ever summon a succubus for that reason. I mean it
 
…
 
Of course, you are not.
 
It seems only natural that we are perfect for this.
 
When we are summoned, it is based entirely on your preferences. 
 
Height, body type, hair…We are even summoned in the clothing that you prefer the most, as I pointed out already.
 
 
So there is absolutely no shame in needing one of us to come and snuggle with you. 
 
Everyone could use some TLC sometime.
 
 
Now come one, let's go ahead and lay down.
 
 
< Bed sounds as they both lay down >
 
There we go, might I say this bed is wonderful.
 
The perfect size for us to get very cozy. 
 
 
Honey, you don’t need to be so shy about getting in bed with a succubus.
 
Bring it in closer.
 
…Closer
 
 
There we go!
 
 
See, we might as well get close since we are both laying in bed together silly.
 
I forgot to ask the first time but are you comfortable with kisses on the forehead?
 
…
 
Good, I find them quite effective in calming one and making them feel safe and cared for. 
 
 
 
I know you need a little pillowtalk, am I correct? 
 
…
 
No, Honey it’s okay. It really is.
 
Like I said, everyone needs some TLC sometime.
 
For this time that you have summoned me, I am here to take care of you.
 
If you just need me to hold you close and make you feel safe, I can do just that.
 
…
 
Everything is okay right now, Honey.
 
You know, you really should be getting more sleep.
 
…
 
Oh yes, I can tell.
 
It doesn’t take a scientist to see that, Honey.
 
Just taking one little look at you and looking into your eyes, I can see that you need much more sleep.
 
Which is exactly what I am here to help you with.
 
You do have to get some good rest before work.
 
I can almost feel all stress on you. I know work can be hard, especially if you are working overtime a bunch. 
 
So when you are laying down with me, just let it all go and relax in my arms. 
 
I’ll make everything feel better. 
 
Whether you feel lonely, sad, stressed or anything bad.
 
Close your eyes for a minute.
 
And just listen to my voice.
 
Feel my warm embrace.
 
Just relax and let those muscles rest.
 
Anything you have been holding in right now.
 
Tension… stress… emotions
 
Let it all out.
 
 
 
Breathe in… and out.
 
Breathe in… and out.
 
You can snuggle a little closer to me if you want.
 
You can press your weary heads against my chest.
 
 
Just feel my hand as I slowly brush my fingers across your back.
 
Just feel as I move them, gently brushing you.
 
All that matters right now is you.
 
I am here to comfort you and make sure that you are cared for.
 
 
You are perfectly safe right now.
 
This can be our little moment where everything freezes. 
 
If you can let go of it, please do.
 
 
There you go, Honey.
 
Let all that tension in your back fade out. In your shoulders too. 
 
Let it all melt away, as you melt into my arms. 
 
Just feel the warmth of my touch as it soothes you. 
 
 
You have been carrying so much, I could just hear it in your voice. 
 
I could feel it in your breathing. 
 
If you need to, you can let out some tears. You don’t have to hold anything in.
 
 
There is nothing else you need to do right now other than let go. 
 
Let all those stressful thoughts fade and just listen to my voice. 
 
Let me soothe that beautiful mind and body of yours.
 
Let me take off some of that weight you have been carrying.
 
 
You are perfect… I mean it. 
 
 
I know that you don’t tell yourself that enough which is why I am doing so. 
 
 
You don’t give yourself nearly enough credit. 
 
I don’t even need to use my magic to figure that out about you.
 
It’s all in the way you carry yourself.
 
I can feel it all, which is why I know exactly how you are feeling. 
 
 
…
 
No no no. I don’t want to hear any rebuttal.
 
Say it. I am a good person and I should love myself more”
 
Please say it.
 
…
 
Excellent.
 
 
It all starts with that. 
 
Once you start being a little more positive to yourself, you will begin to feel better.
 
Every part of you will start to feel better from your head, to your toes, to even your heart.
 
Like a weight being lifted slowly.
 
You know, you are just amazing to snuggle with. 
 
 
You are the perfect fit for my hugs.
 
You are so sweet and gentle it just melts my heart.  
 
And so cute!
 
 
Feeling how your body slowly relaxes with every word I say.
 
Those little goosebumps as my lips get closer to your ears. 
 
 
It makes me feel warm inside knowing that you are enjoying this and resting. 
 
Just holding you, as you close your eyes and nuzzle into me.
 
Running my fingers across your back. 
 
Kissing your forehead so gently 
 
 
Just feel my loving touch as I hold you close.
 
Do you want me to hold your hand too?
 
…
 
 
You’re so cute.
 
Now lets work on keeping those eyes closed.
 
Let those eyelids get heavier and heavier.
 
Let everything around you fade as you drift off into a dream. 
 
Your body slowly comes to complete rest from everything. 
 
I can use a little bit of succubus magic to help you drift off if you need it but you seem to be actually resting just from my presence.
 
 
Excellent, just drift off Honey.
 
I will be here with you all night. 
 
If you at all wake up, I’ll feel it and I’ll help you relax back to sleep. 
 
If you need to change positions, I will move with you as gently as possible. 
 
 
Not until the morning, I am all yours, Honey.
 
I will keep you safe and comforted tonight. 
 
 
With all the kisses and cuddles you need. 
 
Just rest with me, and let your mind drift off for the night.
 
You have a big day tomorrow and need all the rest you can get. 
 
And tomorrow night, if you need me..
 
You can always summon me back.
 
I’ll go ahead and mark you. So whenever you need my presence.
 
I’m just a spell away, whether it's for some more cuddling, resting or even just a nap.
 
You ask, and I’ll be here for you again.
 
 
Now rest, Honey.
 
Hold on and drift off into the sweetest dream with me.
 
Commander? 
Commander?
There you are; big sis was so worried about you. 
What are you still doing? Working at this hour that is? 
You don’t seem fine at all. 
You look like you’re a few seconds away from collapsing. 
That isn’t healthy. 
Come on, let big sister take care of you. 
Don’t be shy now. 
That’s it, I’ll bring you to my room, feel free to rest against me if you need to. 
It isn’t far. 
You should really come and visit me some time, I would hate if this became a normal occurrence, seeing you in this state makes me so sad. 
Here we are. 
Come on, follow big sister. 
You’re so tense. 
Sit on big sister’s lap, I’ll take good care of you. 
That’s it, commander, lean back and rest your head against my bosom. 
Don’t worry commander, big sis is here for you. 
I know, why don’t I clean your ears a little bit. 
I always keep some tools on me in case anyone needs it. 
It’s always good to have clean ears, especially in our line of work. 
Wouldn’t want to go and get ambushed now, would we? 
Just relax. 
I’ll start by brushing around your ears… like this. 
Are your ears sensitive? You shivered a little when I started brushing. 
You should never be afraid to ask me to do this. 
Big sister is always willing to help out her favorite commander. 
Although, I think it’s cute when you act all nervous. 
I hope you don’t think that I see you in a negative light, I honestly prefer you like this. 
You resting against me while I take care of you. 
It’s all I could ever want. 
All right, I should switch to the other ear. 
When was the last time you cleaned your ears? 
I haven’t even finished brushing and I can already tell that they’re quite dirty. 
There’s no need to be embarrassed, commander, I just wish you would’ve told me. 
At this point I’m less concerned about any loss of hearing due to buildup and more concerned that your cute little ears might be hurting. 
Don’t worry, big sis will take care of you. 
Alright, this next part might feel a little strange, but your ears are so sensitive that I’m sure you’ll enjoy it. 
You should close your eyes commander, you’re safe. 
That’s it. 
There’s quite a lot of buildup, it might take some time, but I don’t think you’ll mind. 
You’re really adorable, I hope you know that. 
I wanted to do this ever since I first laid eyes on you. 
It’s just the way you hold yourself. 
You try to hide this side of you, but you really don’t fool anyone, you definitely didn’t fool me. 
Whether or not we say it, it’s the job of every ship to protect you just as it’s your job to guide us. 
You cannot have one side without the other. 
So, you shouldn’t be afraid of being taken care of. 
And now for the other ear. 
You look so peaceful. 
Alright, now to remove the broken-up bits of earwax. 
You’ll hear some scratching sounds but that’s fine. 
Big sis also noticed that you’re shaking, my ear cleaning must feel good. 
Now to brush away any remaining specks. 
You’re being so good for me. 
I bet that you can hear so much better now. 
There all nice and clean. 
Although… I think there’s something else I could do, especially since your ears are so sensitive. 
Just relax for me. 
Relax. 
How was that? 
Did big sister do a good job? 
Aw, you’re a shivering mess. 
So tired and cute. 
It’s okay. 
I’ll wrap you in my embrace and hold you close to my chest. 
Rest now cutie. 
Sleep well, commander. 
I’ll stroke your hair while you sleep. 
Goodnight cutie. 

What? No, I didn't miss you! I was annoyed that you kept me waiting for this long because apparently you can't be bothered to for once spend some time with your girlfriend!


So, what did you get for dinner? Huh, what? Yeah, I know this was my day off. So what? No, I didn't go grocery shopping. I had stuff to do! What? Well, stuff. Important stuff! Never mind!




What? Yeah, my paws are cold. That's why I'm putting them under you jumper, duh! You are my boyfriend, it is your solemn duty to keep my paws warm. Now hold still, I'm searching for the warmest spot.

Oh, what is it now? I'm kneading you, that's a sign of affection, dumbass! Could you perchance stop making so much noise? I'm trying to get some sleep here, remember? Whoa! You did not just suggest that I should trim my claws, did you? I'll have you know that there are a lot of Neko boys out there who find my claws very attractive, you know? I don't see why you are making so much of a fuss about it, anyway. You should barely feel them through your jumper, you wussy! Oh, I still have my paws under your jumper? Whoopsie, my bad! Oh, come on, don't be such a baby! You want a band-aid?



We vampires are pretty strong, but you are on another level entirely.
It's me.
Calm down.
 
 
 
 
Body feeling a little sluggish?
Mind growing a little dim?
Or should I say, on your paws?
Ooh!
Was that supposed to hit me?
Just give up, you’re only embarrassing yourself now.
 
Is that fear, I see?
Are you starting to realize the predicament you are in?
Surely you can’t actually be trying to back away from me?
You can't escape me, Pet.
I thing your knees are starting to buckle, there.
That's all right.
Good boy.
Drop for me.
Are your eyes having trouble focusing?
Look.
Look here.
Right in front of you.
Focus.
Can you see it?
Those are my fingers.
And you know what happens when I snap them.
But between werewolf brawn and vampire cunning, it's obvious which is superior.
Not much going on anymore in that empty mind of yours, is there?
I’d better end this, before you drool all over my nice floor.
Let me just take hold of your muzzle… and tilt your head up… up... up…
Yesss.
Look at me.
Look into my eyes.
Good boy.
 
 
 
And awake again.
Now-
Look back into my eyes, please.
This is for your own good.
Look into my eyes, Pet.
I know you can do it.
Aww, let me just cup…
It’s all right.
I won’t touch you.
Just… listen to my voice then.
I will explain things to you.
I am your Mistress, Pet.
Your Owner.
You obey me.
You remember, don't you?
I am your Mistress, and you obey.
Oh my poor little Pet.
Don’t growl.
You must be suffering some kind of delirium.
It's all right.
You do remember looking into my eyes, don’t you?
My pretty, pretty eyes?
Yes, you remember them.
You remember how my eyes make you feel.
You’re imagining them right now, aren’t you?
My gorgeous, enthralling eyes.
Yesss.
My eyes make you feel so calm.
So relaxed.
So pleasantly blank.
It's a wonderful feeling, isn't it?
I can make you feel so much better still.
Yesss.
 
Don’t worry, we can fix that.
Just keep looking into my eyes.
And yet… look at you now.
Completely helpless.
Putty in my hands.
 
 
Completely in my power.
Completely in my thrall.
 
And falling deeper all of the time.
Fallng deeper with every second you spend looking into my eyes.
Yes.
Open your mind to me.
Listen.
 
 
Wakey, wakey.
Let me get a look at you.
Yes, much better.
You're my good boy now, aren't you?
Yes!
Yes, you are!
So calm and relaxed, without a care in the world.
So happy and content.
Come on, get on the sofa with me.
Rest your head on my lap.
Good boy.
Let me scratch behind your ears.
Mmm, this is nice.
You like ear skritches, huh?
Yes.
Yes you do.
You big furball, you.
My good boy.
I could get used to this.
I got a bit carried away.
I’ll return you to your senses, when you go back to your human form.
Later.
You’ll have to work on keeping control in wolf form, you know.
Mmm.
Maybe I don't even need an excuse.
Let's have a little chat about it, once you’re back to yourself.
Are you tired?
Mmm.
You did have an exciting night.
Take a little nap in my lap then.
Yes, just go to sleep.
Sleep.
Good boy.Oh, hi, darling. What am I doing? Nothing much, really. Just making a cup of tea. Do you want some, too? Is something wrong, darling? Do I want to tell you something? Uhm, no? I don't think so?

Are you sure everything is alright? You look somewhat, uhm, annoyed. Did something happen? What was that? Oh, you found biscuits? My, isn't that nice? Don't you like biscuits? If I found biscuits- In your sock drawer. You found biscuits in your sock drawer? Again? Oh, my! Isn't that just so weird! I wonder why anyone would put biscuits in a sock dr-

We need to talk? Uhm, why? I'm doing it again? Doing what? I am just making myself a cup of tea, you see? I have absolutely no idea what you are-


What? No, I didn't put biscuits in your toolbox! Why would I do such an outlandish thing? I have a problem? And we need to talk about it? Darling, come here, you look cold. It's freezing outside and you are not wearing your scarf again. Would you like to snuggle with my tail for a bit to warm you up? Here, let me just – no, I'm not trying to distract you! I'm not trying to distract you by brushing you all over with my tail! I'm just trying to warm you up! It's cold outside, you are freezing, I am your girlfriend and I'm trying to warm you up with my fluffy tail. Because I know how much you love cuddling with my soft, fluffy, cuddly tail!

Aaaand you are talking about the biscuits again. Darling, why would I hide biscuits all over the house? We have a biscuit shelf. It's right over there, here in the kitchen where it belongs, and it holds all the biscuits I could possibly ever want. By the way, do you want a biscuit? You know, just a little tea and biscuits while you cuddle my nice, warm, fluffy tail and-

Oh, baby, stop it already! No, I did not hide biscuits in your sock drawer! Why would I- What? Yeah, but that was last week. I admit, I hid biscuits in the distribution board, but that was back then! I was a different person then. I have grown since, become more reasonable, more mature. I told you I would stop hiding- What? Okay, yeah, it was me! You caught me! I plead guilty! You satisfied now? Is this what you wanted?

What? Why did I do it? Well, what if we wanted a biscuit and- Yeah, I know there's a biscuit shelf in the kitchen, but what if there's a snow storm and the power goes out and, uhm, I don't know, the refrigerator stops working and- yeah, biscuits don't need to be refrigerated. Uhm, but what about this: What if we couldn't get to the kitchen? Why? Well, maybe if there was a dangerous predator in the kitchen? Yeah, what if there was a snow storm outside and there was a bear in the kitchen and we- oh, there are no bears in this area. Yeah, but there's a bear girl in that house down the road! Yeah, I know she is working for a law firm, plays the violin and she invited us over for a barbecue last summer and she is really nice, but I still think if she got really hungry she might- no, I'm not scared of her! I am not! I am a courageous and confident squirrel girl and I- I am afraid of dogs, you are right. But dogs are scary!



Why didn't I talk to you about it? Because I was scared that if you found out you would leave me. Because why would you wanna be together with a stupid, crazy squirrel girl?! Stop hugging me!


You wouldn't? You want to help me? You want to help me get through it? Really? Even though I hid biscuits in your sock drawer? Oh, I love you! I love you so frickin' much! I'm sorry I'm such a burden on you and putting you through so much trouble with my- Stop hugging me! No, don't stop! Actually, can you fluff my tail again? It feels nice. Thank you!

 
 
 
In all my years of quenching mortal desires, you may be the most convincing liar I've ever seen. Bravo, puny mortal, I’ll have to fashion you a medal. 
 
You’re just lonely and need some company?
 
Don’t play with me, mortal. I know you’re just pretending.
 
 
 
I know how this game goes. Of course you’ve got dark desires. You’re human. Do you think I was born yesterday? Like I’m some young little hatchling who’s just met her first mortal? I’ve seen this play out too many times.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-The Succubus lifts up papers, books and ornaments to try and find the Listener’s non-existent torture instruments
 
 
Come on. I know you’re hiding them somewhere.
 
Of course you are! Tell me what you want!
 
 
 
 
…No. 
 
 
 
 
You’d like me to sit beside you? On your bed?...Pull up your blankets first. Let me see underneath them, so I can check you aren’t hiding something. I want to believe you but I just…I can never be sure. 
 
Thank you. If you’re lying to me, I’m going to rain Hell on you personally, you can count on it. 
 
Okay, shall I sit here?
 
-She sits down beside the listener after some hesitation-
 
 
Okay, I’ve followed your orders, and I’m here now…What do you want? 
 
 
You want to just hold me close to you? O-okay, I get it. Like this? 
 
-Her and the listener slowly come together in a hug- 
 
-The listener holds her gently and starts slowly stroking their hands up and down her back-
 
 
 
Whenever I get a morsel of a good dream, I’ve always imagined what this feels like. I could never really picture it. It was like trying to imagine a new color, or a smell you’d never sensed. No fleeting dream could ever prepare me for this bliss. You’re stroking your fingers down my back so gently.  I feel…safe. 
 
 
 
…Even if you are lying. Even if this is all some pretense to hurt me. I’m happy I managed to get this moment. 
 
 
 
 
 …yes, please go ahead. I give you permission.    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
You’d like to lie down? I don’t see an issue with that. 
 
 
 
somehow, this is even better than before. You’re giving off such a warm glow. This is a kind of tenderness that seems alien to me. heat has always meant burning agony, but this is just…comforting.  
 
-Moving their hand aimlessly, the Listener accidentally touches her tail
 
 
-The listener does, quickly apologizing as they move their hand away-
 
 
 
-The listener continues to play with the succubus’ hair and massage her back with their hand. She’s getting a warm feeling that’s making her giggle, like she’s drunk- 
 
 
 
 
 
When the other humans would hurt me, It wasn’t just annoying, or a nuisance. It was pain that I can’t describe. Seeing their gleeful smiles would only make it sting harder. That torment wouldn’t stop after my sessions were finished. It would chase me into my dreams. I catch only morsels of good dreams because the rest are cruel nightmares. They reminded me of what’s waiting the next time I get summoned.
 
All until I met you.
 
 
While you’re stroking my hair, could you hold my hand?
 
-The listener moves one hand off her back to hold her hand. As usual, their movements are slow and gentle-
 
 
-Just as her eyes are beginning to close and her body relaxes, the Listener moves their hand away -
 
 
-The Listener pulls a thick faux fur blanket over the both of them-
 
 
 
 
That’s right. I’ve heard talk of earthly weather from the other Succubi. The girls would gush about snow and sunsets together. I was always too frightened or in too much pain to notice. 
 
Now I can
 
 
You’d like us to fall asleep like this? That sounds like an excellent idea. No complaints from me.
 
 
I’ve never wanted to share this before, especially not to a mortal. but my name is Io. What’s yours?
 
That’s a wonderful name. Even before meeting you, I’ve always liked human names.  
 
Oh! I’ve got a secret to tell you too. 
 
 
 
I could spend the full 24 hours with you, if you’d like?
 
That sounds perfect. I’d like that too.
 
 
 
 
Yes, I hope so too. I don’t see why not. I’m glad I believed you. You weren’t lying after all. 
 
 
 
 Can you believe the nerve of that waitress? I told her that we're just friends and she actually laughed. And she kept looking at me in this knowing way, like she knew my feelings better than I do.

...

 Can't a guy and a girl just be friends these days? Why does everyone assume we're dating? I mean sure, we spend a lot of time together, but that's natural, we've been friends since like, the first grade. That doesn't mean we're in love.

...

 Exactly! I'm so tired of having to explain to everyone why we're not a couple. Couples do all kinds of things together that we don't.

...

 Yeah. Like flirting. Couples flirt with each other and I don't.... Okay, well, I don't flirt with you that often.

...


...

 True. I guess we've kind of kept doing it since then. But not like, seriously, right? Oh not that I don't actually think you're handsome or anything! I do, ah, in a platonic way of course!

...

 Alright, so we do flirt. But that can't mean... Oh I know. Couples kiss! We don't do that. Sure I peck you on the cheek sometimes, but those don't count. They're not like, real kisses or anything. ... W-why do you not look convinced?

...

 The Christmas party? Oh yeah we did kiss then, didn't we? Stupid Danni and her stupid mistletoe. Whatever that was just some freak thing. Not that it wasn't enjoyable or anything but, ah, in a platonic way...

...

 What do you mean that wasn't the only time? Wait are you talking about that one time in High School? That was just some dumb teenage dare, that's all. Same with that time at the party or the other time at movie night!

...

 Okay so I guess we do kiss a little more than your average best friends. But that just shows how comfortable we are with each other. We can kiss and it's totally platonic!

...

 What else do couples do? They cuddle right? I know we do that too, but only when you make me watch scary movies. At least at first, now I do it because it's just so comfortable.

...

 Do I cuddle with any of my other friends? Well, no. But I'm not as close with them.

...

 I know! Couples go on dates and, sure we do a lot of the things couples do on dates. but we don't call them that.

...

 It is not bad logic!

...

 Prom? Okay, yeah you took me to prom, and homecoming. But those don't count, they were friend dates, not date dates.

...


...


...

 We hold hands too, but that doesn't count. At least it shouldn't.

...

 No, I don't know of any other best friends who go to fancy restaurants together, all alone. But that doesn't mean it doesn't happen!

...


...

 And how do I feel about you? Well I think you're funny, thoughtful, and kind. I feel happy and strong whenever I'm around you, and whenever we've been away from each other for too long, I start to miss you. I even remember getting a little jealous the last couple times you dated. And honestly, I think it's because I can't picture my life without you in it...

...

 ... Hey, so. Don't panic. But I think we're a couple.Hey there, I need to talk to you. Come with me to the empty room across the hallway, would ya?


What's with that look? You go deaf over the summer? I asked you to come with me, so we need to go. Now hurry up!






Apologize? For what?


You know what? Fine. I'm sorry for having Todd spill your lunch yesterday, you satisfied?


Ugh, and the time I had Todd dump the Gatorade tub over you at the football game.



Look, I literally wouldn't even bother with you if it wasn't urgent. You are the only one I can talk to about this, believe me. I weighed all my options and you are the only one that wouldn't blow up in my face. Can you please stop with this and just come with me?


Geez, finally. Come on, let's hurry. Mr. Bradley, can you have our late passes ready for us when we come back. You're the best!


Ah, some peace and quiet. Really wish you didn't have to argue so much, the bell already rang and I'm missing Chemistry again. It's your fault if I flunk the quiz tomorrow.

Here, I'm just going to be straight with you; there's been some... extraneous circumstances and I need you to be my boyfriend for a week.

Ok ok, I know that sounds a little weird, but let me explain. I just need you to act like my boyfriend for a little bit, just a bit of flirting and maybe a little touching until after the school dance next week and I will literally leave you alone for the rest of high school. I will tell everyone else to leave you alone, and you will have zero problems for the rest of the time we're stuck in this school.


Yeah, I know I have Todd already, but this isn't about that. You could say this is something to make him a bit jealous. Wouldn't you like to get back at him a bit? Come on, just do it! You know what I can do if you refuse...


W-what do you mean I couldn't do worse if I tried?! I can ruin your life, y'know! I can destroy any friendships you have, don't test me!


Rrrgh, fine! You don't want to do it, then don't! Leave for all I care! Go and live your sad life, I don't care!


No, please wait, I didn't mean that! It's just... Look, I know I've been cryptic, I know you don't like me, but trust me, I wouldn't ask anything of you without a reason! Please come back and let me explain!

Alright, I'll tell you everything. It's just... I mean, it's really embarrassing, but... I-it's Todd, okay? He used to just be like a big dog that I could give a bit of attention to and he would do what I want, but lately, he's been different. He's been getting more distant and even a bit aggressive lately. No, he hasn't hit me or anything, just that he hasn't been listening to me like he was before. he's been getting a lot closer to my friends than I'd like. To put it bluntly, he's cheating on me.


No, I have evidence, too. I looked through his phone earlier this weeks and I found out he was sending texts with my friend Sarah. They were flirting and talking about me behind my back, and it made me so angry. I even tried looking through his window when he told me he was studying.


I know, right? That lug, studying?! I didn't believe it for a second! I looked through his window, and what did I see? I saw that bastard kissing that hussy, Jessica. He knows I hate her and he does this to me? After I saw that, I lost it. It was all so... so...


So horrible! How could he do this to me? I mean, if both he and Sarah are doing this behind my back, than are all my friends in on this? I feel so alone... I didn't know who to turn to, because I couldn't trust anyone... I'm supposed to be the most popular girl in the school, the one that everyone respects and adores, but now it feels like everything is falling apart! Before I know it, I'll be a recluse just like you!




Not only that, but you can show him that you're better than him, that you can take much better care of me than he ever could. Would you want to show him the what-for and finally get that one-up on him?


Why you? Well, that's the thing. I couldn't ask Todd's friends because they're both too stupid to understand what I need and too loyal to Todd. If I try anything with them, they'll either brag about how they scored" with me or snitch on me to him, and I can't risk that. I certainly can't ask any of the other nerds, either because they're too shy and weak-willed. They'll either run and abandon me when Todd shows up or stand up to him and get crushed.

But that's where you come in. You've always been the quiet type, so I know you aren't gonna kiss and tell, and despite all you've been through, you've never failed to tell off either me or Todd and stand up to us. Not to mention, while I'm a bit embarrassed to admit it, I've noticed how you bulked up a bit over the summer. You been lifting any since then?

Well, all I'm trying to say is, I need you to make this work, and you will only come out of this better for it. Just pretend you're my boyfriend for a week until after the fall dance, we have a falling out" and then break up, simple as that. I get my reputation back as the one girl everyone should be fearful of angering, and you get that sweet, sweet revenge on the guy that's been bullying you all these years. Doesn't the idea sound tantalizing?



Great! Glad we could finally agree on something! Hey now, don't leave just yet! We still need to set the ground rules! I trust that you won't take this too far, but I have to let you know what is and isn't allowed so you don't get any funny ideas about us.

First of all, just because you're pretending to be my boyfriend, that doesn't mean you have to talk to me at every opportunity. If you see me outside of school and we're not around our friends, do not approach me. I will not acknowledge you unless I have to.

While we are in school, you are going to shower with me with compliments and basically show me off, especially in front of Todd. Touching will be kept to a minimum. I will allow the arm over the shoulder, hand holding, or in case of an emergency, a hug. There will never be a situation where I will ask you to kiss me, so don't even dream of it.

And finally, and this is the most important part, after this is done and the dance is over, we are splitting up and going our separate ways. Never forget that this is business and there is nothing else to it. You end up falling for me, and that's your problem. Do not make this any harder for either of us than it already is.

Ok, you got all that written down?


Ugh, of course you didn't. Look, you do get it, right? Just flaunt our relationship a bit, don't talk to me outside of school, keep touching to the bare minimum, no trying to kiss me and most of all, NO FALLING IN LOVE!

Alright, you're free to go. Be sure to see Mr. Bradley for your late pass. See you tomorrow for class, babe.

Hey, honey/sweetie/darling?

I um,

I can see that you're in really rough shape… and I want to propose something to you.

I think it would be best if I took over the Dom role for today, just for a little while.

You know I'm not the strongest switch in the world… but you know I love it when you're acting all subby for me, right?




I judge myself harshly sometimes when I think about how well I could be a Dom for you and I’ve tried to stay away from it, because I thought I wasn't strong enough…

but seeing you right now in your current state, well- I can see that you're exhausted and need extra attention.


I think I want to try my hand at doing this, at least until you get better, okay?


I think you need someone who can reassure you and hold you and make you feel like you're going to be okay - because I know you are! I know you're going to be okay

It's just..

I’m here for you. I have a feeling that you'll believe what I’m saying a whole lot more than if I'm acting like your good girl.



Thank you honey/sweetie/darling.



No- No- don't worry about me getting sick, alright? We're going to be fine. You don't need to think about that right now.

I'm gonna just hold you.

Next to me.

I'm going to lay down in bed with you.


Hmm.


That’s it.

I'm so lucky to have such a good boy. A strong, smart soul in my life.

I love you so much.



Now.. I have plans for us for the rest of the day.


For starters, you are going to do a lot of resting.

I don't want to see you doing anything you don't have to, alright?

I'm going to take care of you.

I'm going to bring you everything you need, you just have to ask.

And please don't hesitate to ask.


Now, I'm going to get you some of the comfiest blankets in this place.

And I'm going to wrap you up good.

I’ll find your headphones and we're going to put on something nice for you to listen to, that just drones on and on-

Don't feel bad for falling asleep, okay honey/sweetie/darling?

I want you to rest.

Because when you're resting, that's when your body can heal.



You're going to stay in bed

and listen to me talk for a little bit.

I'm going to run my fingers through your hair.

and I might just start rambling on about something that you don't care about...

but that's okay, because I just need you to hear me while you fall asleep

Taking a deep breath, relaxing the oh-so tense muscles in your back and your shoulders.

and drift in and out of sleep.

Nothing else matters right now,

you don't really need to pay attention to what I'm saying, honey/sweetie/darling.

I just want you to relax.

I just want you to feel comfortable and good.


I know you're tired, that's okay- you're going to feel better later.

I'm right here and I'm going to hold you and shower you with so much affection you won't know what to do with it.











END.Hey baby ---


I told you that you didn’t need to wait up for me. The meeting always take forever this time of year, the witching hour almost turned into the witching morning.

...

Are you still studying? Baby, your test is the day after tomorrow, you need your sleep. Listen, I know you’ve been working really hard to get ready, and I know you’re going to do your very best.

Do I need to put you to bed?

Hey. Listen. I’m the boss around here, right? You know I love you, and I want what’s best for us. So turn that brain off and do what I say, ok? Let’s get you to bed.


I want you to think about how nice and warm and soft our sheets are, how comfy your pillow is, and I don’t just mean the one on the bed. I washed everything this morning, so even our pajamas are soft and fresh tonight. Come with me.

Still reluctant.

Alright, you leave me no choice, if you want to do your best on your exam, then we’ll have to do this the hard way

...

Mhmm, how observant. How are you going to study if your loving, wonderful, witchy girlfriend is straddling your lap, huh? Such a thorny problem, it’s almost like that’s what I was going for.

Baby.

You are so smart and so sexy. But I want you to know --- Hey, eyes up here, look at me --- but I want you to know, no matter how this test turns out, I’m not the one testing you. You could walk out with the lowest score in the world and I would still be positively crazy about you, because you’re kind, you listen to me, and the way you see things brings so much joy into my life.


You could be as dumb as a rock, and I’d still be here, sitting on your lap, arms over your shoulders, telling you how dreamy you are. Now I’ve got some very special lipstick here. Bright, bubblegum pink. Soft, not too waxy. I love this color, but I can’t eat or drink when I wear it, because it just rubs off on everything.


Mhmm.

Do you really have time to think about studying while I’m squeezing your waist with my thighs? Maybe you shouldn’t worry so much about this test, and start paying attention to what trouble I’m brewing up for you.


Sorry, I didn’t mean to say you should worry, because you shouldn’t have to worry about anything. This is only the most fun kind of trouble. I’m going to give you another little cheek kiss.


Isn’t that just nice? The faint warmth of my mouth, my lips gently pressing against your skin. It tingles a little, doesn’t it? The warmth lingers, like a glowing feeling, almost. Spreading up your face, down to your collar. Tingling down your spine. Don’t worry about putting it into words. All you need to know, really, is that it feels good, and relaxing. Just let me run my fingers along the back of your neck, I know you like it so.


Mhmm. That leaves you unbalanced, doesn’t it? Then I think I should kiss the other cheek again, just to even you out.


Your eyes are starting to droop. Poor dear. It’s so cute how you want to fight this.


But you can’t, sweetie. This little ritual, this slow dance of we’re doing of touching and kissing, I’m marking you with my affection.


And you’re melting like butter. You’re trying to be strong, but ---


But every kiss makes things even more tingly. I like watching it spread through your body.


All your tension fleeing your body. Going down your chest, into your arms, your legs, being chased away by this relaxing magic. Mhmm, I’m running out of space to kiss you, I think I should start kissing your neck.


And of course that just deepens your feeling of bliss. Your relaxation is like a wheel that only turns one way, the calm, tingly feeling just grows inside you. Don’t you think my kisses are nice?

Do you remember what you were doing? It’s alright, it doesn’t even bother you because you’re too busy enjoying how relaxed you are, from the top of your head, down to the tips of your toes. You might start losing track, are you awake or are you asleep right now? Your eyes are getting so heavy, aren’t they? You might not have notice before, but now that you’re thinking about it, it’s just too hard to keep them open. Not that there’s much for you to see, you can just listen to my voice.


And enjoy my sweet little kisses. They’re going to take you to dreamland, and I’ve got something special for you.


I know you can’t see it, so I’ll just tell you what it is. I’ve got a little glass bottle, just for you. A good witch is always ready to bottle ingredients, and you have something very important that you just don’t need right now. It’s going to hold all your thoughts. Uh-huh, every last one of them. They’re so extra, when you’re doing such a good job getting all relaxed and sleepy. And they’ll still be there tomorrow, so I’m just going to take them away.


Take them away, one by one.


Doesn’t that feel so much better? I’m just going to kiss them all away. Maybe kiss your ears.


Mhmm, that was a tasty one, you had all these big thoughts in your head.


All these things on your mind, and now you don’t.

You couldn’t think even if you wanted to.


If you try to remember, you just get...

Bliss. That feeling of relaxation swallows you.


I’m kissing you stupid.

Kissing your forehead.


And holding you close to me.

And I’ll let you hold onto one little thought. One little idea won’t hurt, and you know, if it’s the only one you’ve got, we can really let it sink in.


That’s it. That’s the little thought I’m letting you keep.


Everything else just..fades away. There’s no if’s and’s, or but’s. I’m proud of you. Such a little idea. And your mind is so mushy right you can’t think any thoughts, but if you do.

If you dream, sweetie.

You only have one thought. And it’s going to bloom into the sweetest dreams for you, baby.
