*You and them are eating at a cafe*
 
“And here we go, two ice cream sundaes. No, don’t worry about it. Paying is the least I can do after asking you to come watch me practice. Especially since you didn’t exactly see me at my best.”
 
“Yeah, sorry, guess I was a bit…distracted today. N-no no, it wasn’t your fault, really. I was probably just having an off day is all.”
 
“*Sigh* And either way, the guys really gave me an earful of it afterwards. I know I missed the ball three times, they didn’t have to remind me!”
 
“Sorry, I’m just complaining aren’t I? You don’t think so? Haha, well that’s a relief. Thanks for understanding. Last thing I’d want is to cause you any problems too.”
 
*Your phone chimes/vibrates and you check it*
 
“(Whispered/Muttering) Ah jeez, come on….”
 
“Hm? Oh, it’s nothing. Just got a text from one of the guys. Nah, it’s probably nothing important. If it was, they would’ve called me, so I’ll just check it later.”
 
“So…I was thinking, this weekend, maybe we can do something…special. You know, since we’re getting close to the three week mark and everything.”
 
“Well, my parents just left for a week long work trip today, so I’ll have the house all to myself this weekend. And since they’re gone, I was thinking, maybe you could, you know, come and…spend the night this Saturday?”
 
“A-and before you freak out or anything, I-I just mean we can spend the whole day together before we both sleep at my place! I-I can even sleep on the floor while you take my bed if that makes you feel better!”
 
“So…what do you think? Does that…sound ok?”
 
“You like it? Well, great, that’s great! Ok, then, how about this? Maybe after meeting up for lunch somewhere, we can head back over to my place. I have a lot of games for us to play, and there’s a new movie on Netflix we can watch too.”
 
“Awesome. I’m glad we have a plan then. I’m really looking forward to it…And I’m guessing you are too considering that messy smile you have. Haha, you’re fine, you’re fine.”
 
*You grab some napkins and move closer to them to wipe their face*
 
“Here, let me help. Guess that’s what happens when you eat ice cream that fast, huh. Just be glad you didn’t get a brain freeze or anything.”
 
“And there, all cleaned up. Forget about it, it was no big deal. Just figured I couldn’t let you walk home like that, right?”
 
“No, I think I’ll stick around here for a few more minutes. No, no, it’s fine, really, I still have about half my ice cream left to finish anyway. But feel free to call or text me when you get home, ok?”
 
“Yeah, this was fun. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
 
*They walk away and your phone vibrates/chimes again*
 
“*Groan* Come on guys, really? Ugh, as if things weren’t complicated enough.”
 
“They just have to keep reminding it’s the last week of the bet don’t they?…Whatever, I’ll just deal with them later.”
 
*Timeskip- you and them are walking to your place*
 
“I told you, it’s fine. It’s only a small duffle bag, so carrying it isn’t a problem. And after all, you did pay for lunch, so it’s the least I can do. And thanks for that, by the way. You can never go wrong with fast food, can you?”
 
“Still though, I’m excited for tonight. You’ve never seen my house before, right? Well, I think you’ll like it. It’s a little bigger than your place, but it should be fine. And don’t worry, I made sure to clean up too, so there shouldn’t be any big messes or anything.”
 
“Ah, there it is, just at the corner. What, I told you it was bigger than your place. Oh come on, calling it a mansion is a bit much.”
 
“Well, I guess my parents have pretty good paying jobs. My mom’s a writer while my dad’s a graphic designer. They actually met because he helped her make a cover for one of her first books.”
 
“Y-yeah, you could definitely….meet them someday. A-anyway, we should probably get inside. Gotta get you settled in for the night, right?”
 
*You unlock and open the door*
 
“And home sweet home. So, what do you think? Haha, well I’m glad you like it, even if you think it’s way too big.” 
 
“Anyway, I’ll take your bag up to my room. Would you mind holding my phone and stuff real quick? Thanks.”
 
*You walk off and your phone chimes/vibrates in their hand seconds before you start coming back*
 
“And I’m back. Thanks for holding everything…Um, you ok? You look…a bit confused about something.”
 
“Oh, I got a text? From who?…O-one of my friends?  I-I see. So, um, w-what exactly did it say?…’Good luck with the…final date’?”
 
“*Nervous/Fake laugh* J-jeez, those guys. S-sorry, sorry, it’s just, they’re my closest friends and everything, s-so I told them about the whole three weeks things I offered. A-and unfortunately, they all have a messed up sense humor.”
 
“They’re all just so sure you’ll dump me after the three week mark, so they just love making jokes like in that text, you know?”
 
“…Um, I’m sorry if you got worried or anything. I-I can talk to them about it if it bothers you.”
 
“No? Are you sure?…Well, ok then. Still, I…apologize for them. But, a-anyway, how about we play some games before dinner? I have plenty of games for the Xbox and Switch. Haha, yes, including the new one I got last week.”
 
*Timeskip- You and them just finish the your last game*
(Optional SFX: Game over OR Victory sound)
 
“Gah, darn it, lost again! How does this keep happening?! Are some kind of gaming expert and didn’t tell me? Yeah, sure, beginner’s luck. Maybe the first three times.”
 
“Haha, ok, ok, I’ll stop complaining. And anyway, that was still a lot of fun. I can never just invite the guys over to play like this. They’d probably just make fun of me and make it into a dumb competition. I know, I know, it’s just a stupid guy thing. Guess I can’t fault them for that.”
 
*Doorbell ring*
 
“Oh, perfect timing. Mind grabbing two plates? I’ll be right back with the food.”
 
*You get up and leave and come back with the pizza*
 
“And dinner is served. Hope you don’t mind, I ordered the pizza with olives, mushrooms, and pepperonis on it.”
 
“Haha, ok, ok, I’ll take the olives and mushrooms you pick off. Can’t have them go to waste now can we. But you at least gotta eat the crust. Haha, good, we have a deal then.”
 
*Timeskip- you and them are cleaning up dinner*
 
“And that’s the last of the dishes. And thanks for throwing out the pizza box. So…would you like to come up to my room? I-I mean, if you’re ready to go to sleep everything. W-we can stay up longer if you want.”
 
“Th-then just follow me.”
 
*You and them walk up stairs and you open the door to your room*
 
“So…this is my room. Y-yeah, sorry, I guess I left it kind of messy. B-but anyway, like I said earlier, y-you can take the bed if you want. I-I can just sleep on the floor. I have a sleeping bag ready and everything.”
 
“Well, ok, good. Guess with that settled, we just need to get ready for bed. A-and you can let me know when you need to changed. I-I can just wait in the hall.”
 
*Timeskip- after you and them get ready*
 
“So, you ready for bed then? All nice and cozy? Haha, well sleep tight then. Let me know if you need anything.”
 
*You turn off the light and get your sleeping bag. Seconds of silence before they call for you*
 
“Hm, what? What’s up, is something wrong?…You’re cold? Um, ok, I can go get you an extra blanket or something.”
 
“(Shocked/Flustered) H-huh?…C-could you…repeat that? You…want me in bed with you?”
 
“Um, I-I, uh, th-that’s- N-no no, I’m not saying no. Honestly, I’d actually really like to, but- N-not that I’d like to sleep in bed with you, I just mean- *Cough/Nervous laugh* I-I’ll just get in the bed.”
 
*You get up and get in bed with them*
 
“…Um, so…Wh-what should I…do here?”
 
“Just lay down and…put my arm around your waist? Um, o-ok.”
 
*You lay down behind them and wrap your arm around your waist*
 
“L-like this?…Y-yeah? O-ok, good. That’s good….This…this is nice. Can I…hold you closer? You’re just…real warm.”
 
“…Thank you, for being here with me. I wish…we could stay like this. Haha, I know, just another weird thing I wanted to say. But…just know, I really mean it.”
 
“*Yawn* Ok, I won’t bother you anymore. Let’s just both…get some sleep. And don’t worry, I’ll keep you warm for as long as you need.”
 
*Timeskip- A few days after the sleepover*
 
*You are walking to school and talking to them on the phone*
 
“Yeah, I’m nearly at the school now. Sorry for not being able to walk you there today, apparently my friends need to talk to me about something and they only told me so just this morning.”
 
“Yeah, of course, we can meet up for lunch like yesterday. But, actually, there’s….something I need to talk to you about later. Yeah, it’s…kind of serious. I-it should be fine, I just…really need to talk this out in person.”
 
“W-we can meet whenever you get here, so just…text me when you can, ok? Thanks, I…I’ll look forward to seeing you.”
 
*You hang up and let a sigh before spotting your friends*
 
*You stop walking*
 
“Hey guys. Yeah, sorry for the wait, I kinda…got a late start. But let me guess, you called about the bet? Yep, the…the three weeks are over. Guess that means…I won.”
 
“Come on guys, I’m not gonna brag or anything so can I just…take the money and get going? I have…stuff to do.”
 
*All of your friends each give the money they owe you*
 
“Yeah, uh…thanks for the cash, guys. This…this was fun.”
 
“W-what? N-no, I’m not sad it’s over! I mean, what reason would I have to be sad for?! Like I said before, I couldn’t be happier that the bet is finally over!”
 
“*Angry/Frustrated groan* Would you guys just lay off already?! Look, I did my part for the bet, ok?! I dated the geek for the whole three weeks, I played the good boyfriend, so now I can finally end this stupid game and be done with her!”
 
“…Do it now? What’s that supposed to mean?…T-turn around?”
 
*You slowly turn around and see them behind*
 
“*Gasp* (Scared/Shocked) O-oh no...”