[speech fading in as the listener wakes up] (to self) I can’t believe she’s making me do this. I’m an adult! I shouldn’t have to listen to some stuck-up *angry scowl* Can I even do this? I don’t want to…Oh! (to listener) You’re awake. (awkwardly) Ummm, hi.

No! Please don’t freak out! I know how this looks but I don’t mean any harm.

What am I? I’m a [succubus/incubus], but I’m not here to do anything weird! I promise.

That’s a long story. (angry) To put it simply, I’m here because my mother won’t let me come back to Hell until I feed on some energy. It’s ridiculous! I’m 156 but she’s treating me like I’m 45! 

(disgusted) What? Eww, no. I wasn’t gonna do…that to you. There are a lot of ways succubi and incubi can take energy. Any powerful emotion would be sufficient, it just so happens that lust is what has humans making stupid decisions. My parents are also very traditional; Most of Hell is honestly. If you don’t “torment foolish mortals” you’re seen as a weakling. I don’t wanna do that, though. I don’t care if it makes me weak.

Why don’t I? It just grosses me out. Plus I’m not a huge fan of manipulating people into doing stuff. It feels wrong. *sigh* I’m sorry, I really shouldn’t involve you in my problems. 

You’re ok with it? Are you sure? You’re a complete stranger and I don’t want to be a bother. Well, more of a bother than I’ve already been.

Thank you. None of my family ever cared to listen. I haven’t “proven myself” or whatever.

Wow, how rude of me. I’ve been ranting about my problems and you don’t even know my name. I’m Belilithallu [pronounced like bell-lilith-allu], but since that’s a mouthful you can call me Bel. What about you?

It’s nice to meet you. I wish it could’ve been through a different situation, though.

I’m assuming this is the first time you’ve talked to any demon so I’m sure you have questions. I’ll go ahead and explain things the best I can. As I said succubi and incubi can absorb any kind of strong emotion as energy. That’s how we feed. It’s a painless process. Well, unless the demon is absorbing agony but those types are very rare. It’s honestly a waste of good energy, by being nice to a human you’ll have a “repeat customer” in a sense. 

Oh it happens quite often. My kind are all around you, you just don’t know it. The process of absorbing emotional energy also wipes the human’s memory. They don’t forget a whole lot but it's just enough not to remember the event. 

We look just like this. Big horns, a long spiky tail, claws, red skin. Although it’s not exactly normal for a demon to walk around in broad daylight looking like this. It happens sometimes at cosplay conventions and such, but it’s rare. Most of the time we disguise ourselves. Our bodies can change form very easily. We could really look like anyone or anything. (hesitantly) That’s another reason why most of us feed off of lust. We can bring certain…ehh…fantasies to life that wouldn’t otherwise be possible. But as I said I’m not like that! Normally I just help out strangers. Give them a hug, talk to them, do them a favor, and I feed off of that. I’m perfectly content with it, but my family is very against it. And they won’t let me go back home until I seduce someone.

You want me to…take your energy? (angry) If you’re suggesting what I think you-

Oh. You had something else in mind. What was it?

You’re right, I did wake you up and should probably help you fall back asleep. But I don’t see how that will help me.

(confused) Yeah I can feed off any emotion. Why would relaxation be any-Oh! I see what you’re getting at! Yeah, I can do that for you. And I’ll let my mom think I seduced my first human! Stupid imp won’t know the difference. Just so you know, you won’t remember this experience. I’m not even sure you’ll remember me at all. 

You’d really want me to come visit again? A weird [girl/guy] who showed up by your bed unannounced and cried about [her/his/their] parents all night?

Wow. I’m touched…Thank you. 

Alright. It’s time for a good old-fashioned pampering. Before we start, do you need anything? Food, water, bathroom break?

I can get that water for you. Just wait here. *pouring water*

Here you go. Drink up.

Now scoot over. Let me lay next to you. *getting into bed*

(whispering) Hi.*giggle* You look nervous. Don’t be, I’ll make sure you’re taken care of. Now lean against me. Wherever feels comfortable, doesn’t matter. *shifting in bed*

There we go.Comfy?

Great. Now I’m just going to start by lightly scratching your head. *scratching*

How does that feel?

Good. As long as you like it I’m happy. [extended pause for scratches]

Close your eyes for me. You can’t fall asleep with your eyes wide open. There you go. Now breathe with me. *calm deep breath* Copy my breathing and I guarantee you’ll feel more at ease. *multiple deep breaths* One more. *deep breath*

Excellent. Keep breathing like that for me. Next I’ll wrap my arms around you. Let me know if I need to squeeze tighter or loosen my grip.

Now it’s time for my specialty. How about some positive affirmations? 

Great. You deserve to know how cherished you are. I really do appreciate what you’ve done for me tonight. You have such a kind heart.

Shhh, no words. Just listen. *short pause* You deserve to be loved and cared for. I truly mean that. A kind soul like you should receive all the praise in the world. I’m here to do that, but there are other people out there that also care about you. So many lives have been positively impacted by you simply being yourself. 

I know it’s not easy all the time. I wish it was. You deserve an easy ride through life but, unfortunately the world isn’t always fair. I can’t fix your problems, but I can be here. Right now, you have my full attention. 

You are worthy. Your life has value, just by you being yourself. I’m proud of you, for everything that you’ve done. I know we’ve just met but I can tell that you have done amazing things, even if you don’t think so. I care about your wellbeing, and as long as I’m here, I'll take care of you. Because you deserve it.

Aww, your smile is really cute. Don’t try to hide it, it makes you all the more amazing.

Was that a yawn? Are you finally getting sleepy? Well how about a song while you drift off? *humming a song* [humming slowly fades out as the listener falls asleep]
