Hey, you!


(sarcastic) No, the kid hiding in your backpack. Yes, you!


(offended) What do I want? (angry) I’d check your attitude if I were you. We both know who would win if things got…physical. All I want is to give you a proposition.


Oh, only for the best thing in the world...Headpats.


Woah, chill out! And keep your voice down!


Yeah I know they aren’t allowed in school but the teachers know better than to give me shit. (whispering) I caught the principal getting pats a couple months ago, and he and I have an agreement. I don’t tell the police what I saw, and he lets me off the hook if I get caught. Not that I’ve ever gotten caught, or refrained from telling people.


Come on! Get that stick out of your ass! There’s nothing wrong with a little wholesome affection every once and a while.


You really think I don’t know my reputation? Of course I know what people think of me. I don’t care. I just wanna give pats and live life.


You’re really gonna call me addicted? No I’m not! I can stop whenever I want!


Ok, just shut up. None of the bullshit reasons you pull out of your ass are gonna change my mind, so how about you just try one tiny headpat.


Why am I asking you? Because you’re such a goody two-shoes! That’s no way to be, man. You’ve gotta live a little! Do something risqué every once and a while.


Still no? That’s disappointing, although I’m not surprised.


Woah, hold up there. Where do you think you’re going?


No. You’re not leaving until you let me pat your head.


(forceful) I don’t care if you have class! I’m giving you a chance to be fun for once and I am not letting you waste it.


Oh, let me guess. (mockingly) Mommy told her perfect little angel that headpats are a gateway into degenerate things like scritchies, hugs, hand-holding, and cuddles? What a fucking joke.


No I told you, you’re not going to class! You’re getting headpats and that’s final.


*sigh* (mumbling to self) I swear this kid is so fucking hopeless. (to listener) You wanna know what headpats do to you?


No, they don’t rot your brain like in those bullshit anti-cuddle PSAs. With just one headpat you will feel euphoric. Its gentle touch will send pleasant shivers down your spine. In that moment, you will be in pure bliss. Nothing in the world can hurt you, none of your problems can bother you anymore. All you need is one headpat and that joy can be yours. *long pause*


(smug) *chuckle* Have I piqued your interest?


Yes, just one headpat and then you can go to class like a good little student. Nobody has to know.


You will? That’s great to hear! I swear this will be the best experience of your goddamn life. (threatening) Oh, and if you even dare think about telling the police, I’ll have you six feet under before you can say blanket burrito. Understood?


Good. Now come here and let me love on you. *headpats*


There. Now you can go back to class.


(playfully) Oh? You’re not leaving. Could it be that…you want some more?


(teasing) What? Sorry I couldn’t hear you. Would you mind speaking up?


So you do want more headpats! I told you they were great, didn’t I? Here you go sweetheart. *headpats start*


You really like that, don’t you?


*laugh* I knew it. Noone, not even the teacher’s pet, can resist a good headpat. *headpats stop*


Huh? You wanna try hugs already? (excited) You’re a freak! I love it! Come here sweetpea. *hug*


(calm) Now that’s the good shit, you sitting here in my arms. I told you they weren’t so bad. But do you wanna know what can make this even better? If I gently squeeze you closer.


Oh you poor, poor thing. You’ve been touch starved because this fucked up world just doesn’t like it when you get affection, does it?


I’m so sorry you’ve been feeling this way for so long. But I can make it better. Just give in and let my gentle but firm embrace take all that pain away.


Ok. I think I need to let you go now, sweetie.


Oh I know, I know. I wish I could give you more affection but I need to be on my way. I promised my friend that I’d swing by and give them a dose of scritchies today.


Wait, you’re offering me money? *laugh* I know I’m a dealer hun, but I don’t do it for the money. Seeing your happy face is all the payment I need.


Tell ya what, if you wanna try something more hardcore, come to my place tonight. I’m having some friends over and I think you’d fit perfectly in our group. It’s West Oak Road, first house at the end of the street. Can’t miss it.


Well…I wouldn’t wanna spoil the surprise, but I can tell you that it’ll involve stuffed animals, comfy pajamas, and a pillow fort.


You’ll come? Great! Be there by eight, ok? Any later and you’ll miss out on one hell of a time. Oh, and before I go, let me give you an…extra incentive to come back. *light head scratching*


I’ll see you tonight, ok? Don’t be late!