Hey! There you are, I’d begun to think you’d skipped town without telling us.



(chuckles)



Yeah, finals, I know they’re a dreaded time. Were they pretty hard this time around?



Oh, yeah that does sound hard. I always wonder why professors make the last week so important. If you’ve shown up the whole semester and done the work, I think the last test should be a freebie.



Exactly. Alright, well, what can I get started for you today?



Wait, lemme guess, a small half-sweet mocha and a blueberry muffin?



(gasp)



lemon poppyseed? My, it has been a long time, even your tastes have changed.



(laughing)



Yeah, I know, I’m a goof.



[rustling of a bag, hissing from an espresso machine]



(hum)



What? Oh, yeah we are slow today. I think it’s all the rain, people don’t tend to come out when it’s pouring outside.



Yeah, we have been doing well overall though. Ever since we opened last year it’s like the community has really welcomed their arms to us. I’m sure I’ll still see my regulars today, like you.



If I know your order by heart, you’re a regular.



{mock offense}



I did not get your order wrong, you changed it on me.



Mm, of course, blame the barista. It’s not like it’s my job to serve you or anything.



(laughing)



Hey, are you alright?



No, it’s just, you look a little tired. Guess I should hurry up on that mocha huh?



Alright, let me just ring you up. It’ll be four dollars and twenty cents.



That is the price. Yes it is. Call it a favorite customer discount. Or maybe a finals freebie. All I did was knock off the muffin.



Stop arguing and just swipe your card, or I’ll make the whole order free.



[stumbling footsteps]



Woah, hey. Are you okay?



You just got dizzy? Okay, here let me get you a stool and you can sit for a bit.



No, no, seriously we don’t have any customers today. Even if we did, I wouldn’t just leave you like this.



[Scraping of a chair, interrupted by a loud thump]



Oh my god, are you okay?



Shit, shit. Hey, come on, wake up.



Damn it, okay well they’re breathing, so that’s a good sign. Maybe some cold water will help.



[footsteps, running water, footsteps]



Should I just dab it on their forehead? Are they overheated?



Oh, oh hey you’re awake. Are you okay? You totally just passed out.



No, no, hey stay down. I mean it, I don’t know much when it comes to first aid but I’m pretty sure you’re not supposed to stand up for a little while after you pass out.



You did, yeah.



The cloth? Oh, um, I thought you might be overheated? I was hoping it would cool you down.



Stop laughing at me, I didn’t know what to do. I’ve never had anyone pass out on me before.



Do you think you could eat something? Yeah, okay, here’s your muffin. Take a few bites and I’m going to get you some water.



[rushing water]



Here. You look better already. Are you feeling better?



Yeah, you’ve got color in your cheeks again. You went really pale for a moment there.



Are you still dizzy?



A bit? Okay, let’s keep you down there for a little longer.



Why are you saying sorry? You didn’t do anything wrong. It’s not like you walked in today and went ‘huh I think I’ll scare the shit out of my favorite barista’.



Are you insinuating that I’m not your favorite barista? Is it Chad? I know he makes better mochas but I thought we had something special.



Yeah, I know you’re just teasing. I’m sorry if I’m making too many jokes. I just, you scared me, you know? I know we don’t know each other that well, outside of, well the coffee shop. But I like you, I like seeing you here.



Of course I care. You collapsed in front of me. And I hadn’t seen you for a few weeks. Were finals really that rough? Have you been sleeping?



(sigh)



Oh, of course not. Why would you need more than two days of sleep in the past week?



I know. I know that essays are hard and finals get to you. Just, five all-nighters? Really? I’m hyped up on caffeine all the time and even I only average like one a week.



No, not really. I actually sleep pretty well. Perks of getting up at four in the morning to open and then working till close at seven I guess.



Do you think you feel up to sitting? I’d like to get some of this water in you, and you’ve finished the muffin.



Yeah? Okay, here let me help you. No, seriously, you should get up slowly.



Why are you embarrassed? There’s nothing to be embarrassed about.



What if I had been the one to pass out? Would you have helped me?



(laughing)



No need to be so adamant. I’m just proving a point. I want to help you, and poor sleeping choices aside, this isn’t your fault. Sometimes your body just has enough, and needs another signal to tell you to slow down.



Well you know you’re slowing down now that finals are over, but your body is probably still stressed from completing so many important things in a really short period of time.



Okay, here grab my hands, and I’ll lever you up. Yeah like that, slowly, okay. How do you feel?



Fine? Not dizzy or anything? Okay good, here, drink some of this.



(Hum)



I seem good at this? Hah, I’m glad, actually. I’m really just guessing.



No, I’ve never passed out. Come close a couple of times. I used to run track in high school, and man, practice in the summer is brutal. All it takes is forgetting to drink enough water one time, and you’ll regret it forever.



Have you? Before this?



No? That’s good. Hopefully, this will never happen again.



(laughing)



Oh, it’s for both our sakes, trust me. I don’t think I could handle the stress of that again. That gave me more adrenaline than a triple shot of espresso.



You want to try standing up? Yeah, okay, Same drill as last time, here hold my hands. We’ll go slowly.



You good?



Only a little dizzy. Alright, let me know if it doesn’t pass and we’ll go back down.



It’s passed?



(a sigh of relief)



Good.



How did you get here? Did you walk, or drive?



You walked. Okay, here let me walk you home.



I can close the shop for a little while. We’re slow today anyway, and Sadie’s going to clock in in like an hour. I’ll just say I took an extended lunch break. I don’t want you out in the rain, alone. If something happens again, you need someone with you.



Thank you, I just need to take of my apron and lock up and then we can head out.



[Keys in a lock. Rain falling]



Which way do you live? That way? Okay.



You don’t have to thank me, you know. I really meant what I said. I’m happy to help, and I’m especially happy to help you.



What does that mean? Just, you’re a good…customer. A good customer, yeah, and I’d hate to lose you.



I am not a terrible liar. I didn’t even lie, you are a good customer.



And? And, uh, you’re a cool person too. One that, well, I wouldn’t mind knowing a little better outside of work.



You’d like that? Really? You don’t have to say that, just because I’m walking you home. I promise, I’m not like, crazy or anything. I can take no for an answer.



You mean it?



When do I get off my shift today? Um, around four I think.



Yeah, I would like to get dinner. I can pick you up maybe? Now that I know where you live.



Yeah? Great. Oh, and this is you? Take the afternoon to rest, okay. Oh, and here, it’s your mocha. It’s probably cold by now, and I’m really not condoning you drinking more caffeine, but it’s your order and you came in for it.



(mock annoyance)



Yes, okay, and I wanted you to see the foam heart I put on it



I really do mean it, take care of yourself this afternoon, okay? And I’ll see you later? For dinner?



Yeah, see you soon.