[Your day starts as any other, working your small stall of sweets in the park. 3pm hits, and your favourite customer comes along looking very stressed. The single father makes he way towards you, his daughter running circles around him]

(on the phone, very stressed) Yes I to book one of your character impersonators for my kids birthday party, yes I need to book – What was that princess name… Oh sweetie, sweetie don’t put candy in your hair, remember last time when it hurt a lot and took a lot of time for daddy to get out? – Yes I’m still here, I need to book ah, do you do a Ralph? Or Felix and Calhoun? Yes I know those aren’t princesses but they’re Disney characters right? No please don’t hang up!-

Dammit. That’s another phone call I need to make later. (now towards listener) I’m sorry about that, party planning is more stressful than I thought it would be. I feel like the entire world will come crushing down if I don’t get everything right for my sweetie. Shit, where is she? Ruth? RUTH? Where did she run off to?-

Ah! Don’t run off from daddy, okay? If you want your after school treat you need to stick by my side, okay sweetie? That’s better, now would you like to choose your treat from the pretty lady? Okay okay, calm down, no need to jump all over the place, whilst it is very cute you can’t eat if you’re bouncing everywhere

Hi again, sorry we’re a little more hectic than normal, birthday planning has kind of thrown a wrench in our normal routine so we’ve been very off track today. This morning I forgot to pack her lunch after being up all night ordering the right party supplies, so we had to grab her a Subway on the way. Subway has saved me so many times when we’ve been running late, it helps that its right next to the school too.

I must be talking you ear off, can Ruth get one of your strawberry cake pops and then could I have a chocolate one? My daughter is always so hyper having one of these so hopefully is has the same effect on me. All this party planning has really drained the energy out of me.

Wait, you’ve done kid parties before? I thought you didn’t have any kids? (small pause) I guess it would make sense for you to help with party planning with your business and all. Do all parents struggle with planning their kids birthday parties? It feels like it might be the end of the world if I get one detail wrong.

(small chuckle) Yes! Okay, I’m glad I’m not the only parent that feels this way. I know with two parents it probably makes planning easier but with just me I feel like a cookie about to crumble. (small pause) Wait, you can help? Really? I was beginning to think I was just a lost cause on this.

I will trust your expertise on kids party planning, guide me with your expert knowledge… too much? I thought so too. Anyway, here is my number, we can meet up at mine and discuss plans over a glass of wine? Text me any ideas you have. Thank you so much, you’re a life saver. (away from listener) Ruth! Come on now, and I’ll see you later.

[Time passes, you wait with anticipation at the single dads door. It takes a good minute before he answers the door, his hair messy and shirt covered in toothpaste]

Hey! I’m so sorry I’m such a mess at the moment, little Ruth decided to she didn’t want to put the toothpaste on her toothbrush and instead decided to smear it all over me. Make yourself at home, I already set up some wine glasses in the kitchen so I thought we could brainstorm ideas around the table as soon as I get my little troublemaker to bed and change my shirt.

[He walks away, leaving you to snoop around – I mean make yourself at home. There’s Disney Princess dolls scattered across the room, a plastic castle shaped out of candy, and each of the Wreck it Ralph racers neatly lined up at what seems to be a racetrack marked by two horse figures. You make your way into the kitchen, pouring yourself a glass whilst you wait.]

I’m sorry about making you wait, Ruth was a little lively tonight so convincing her to go to sleep was a battle. I think I may have given her too much bribing candy today, definitely learnt my lesson. Now, where do you recommend we start with this birthday party planning?

I guess the theme would be a good place to begin. Ruth is obsessed with Wreck-It-Ralph at the moment, she wants to dress up as Vanellope on the day. I think if we went with a mix of sweet and car themed stuff, or a way to combine it? Thinking about it too much makes my head spin.

I suppose balloons and decorations would be a good place to start. I was thinking like a similar one to the character she wants to dress up as? I think she has this blue-greenish jacket so that colour would be perfect. Oh yes! Sweet themed party supplies would be perfect to, and should be easy enough to find.

As for how many people, there’s 13 children and it’ll be just be me looking over it. Her mother said she wasn’t coming this year… oh no, we split when Ruth turned 2. She didn’t want to be a mother, so she gave me full custody and since then it’s just been me and my sweetie. I couldn’t ask for anything more, she’s my favourite thing in the entire world. Watching her grow has been amazing… since this is the first party I’m throwing her without her mother visiting, I want to make sure it’s extra special.

Before I bring the mood down, have you got any photos of previous cakes you’ve made for kids parties? Okay wow, you brought an entire folder?

[SFX: Paper flipping]

Holy – you made these cakes? Are you kidding? These are amazing! It’s hard to believe they’re made out of cake, they look almost too good. I say almost mainly because I know firsthand how great your baking skills are.

Don’t flatter yourself, Sugar. (small, awkward pause) Ah, Sorry, my daughter has been calling you Sugar lately and well I have too. She says you’re like the princess of all things sweet and sugar filled so Sugar it was…(flustered) well – ahem – um, yes. You do look like a princess – I mean at least that is what she tells me. Not that I don’t think you’re pretty! I think you’re stunning – I mean. (under breath) Shit…

It’s getting rather late and I don’t wish to keep you up all night. We can get together again tomorrow night to continue planning. Thanks so much for coming and helping me with the planning.

[He quickly hurries you out the door and shuts it as soon as you leave, slumping against it afterwards.]

Oh Sugar, what have I done?