(Yawn) What a trip. I'm so tired.

At least I'm finally home. That much is enough to bring me peace of mind. I guess what they say is true, there is no place like home.

(Door opening)

Oh, hello! Didn't expect you to be at the door so quickly!

Thank you for the warm welcome. It's so good to be home.

(Door closing)

Of course, my coat. Here you go. Thank you.

I need to take a seat. My legs are so sore right now.

Tea? Yes please! That sounds great right now, especially after having to go without it for a whole week.

Ah, nice and comfy…

Oh, you've finished making it already? You've always been fast at making tea, but I feel like you get faster each time!

You'd like to sit and have some with me? Of course, you don't need to ask. I always appreciate your company.

Time for the first sip. The best part of each cup, in my opinion.

Mmm, delicious. Just as divine as always.

Thank you so much for the tea. After such an eventful trip, it feels nice to just sit down and drink some tea without a care in the world.

Right, my trip. It went very well. Everyone was friendly and we all got along like a big, happy family. Quite a lot happened and I had some fun and interesting experiences. But in the end, I was more than happy to come home. I enjoy going out, but I also enjoy the peaceful side of life, being able to sit down in this chair, drink this lovely tea you've made for me and read a book.

Hmm? What was that?

This house isn't the same without me?

Aww, you're so sweet.

To be honest, I feel the same way about you. Things just aren't the same without you by my side. I enjoy having you around. You're great company.

You know, your help is always very, very appreciated. I hope I say that enough, because with everything you do for me, I feel like I don't.

You can tell I'm grateful through my expressions and actions?

Still, thank you for everything. Your help really means the world to me. Thanks to you taking care of the cooking, the cleaning and all the other stuff, I'm able to focus on my studies and work. Without you, things would be far more difficult.

Not to mention, I just… enjoy having you around, you know?

You have such a warm and kind personality. Every morning, without fail, you greet me with a smile and wish me the best of luck with my studies and work. It might seem like a small thing, but to me, it makes a world of difference.

And whenever I'm upset, you always know how to comfort me.

You've helped me sleep, you've taken care of me when I was sick, you've calmed me down from a panic attack…

Is there any way you can't help me?

Honestly, it's at the point where I can't imagine a world without you. I know it sounds dramatic, but that's how I truly feel.

Which is why I have a pretty… heavy request. You haven't mentioned any plans to leave and work for anyone else, but I still feel like I should ask anyway…

Will you... please stay by my side?

I… I need you.

My life has become so much better and so, so much less lonely with you in it.

I really, truly can't imagine living the rest of my life without you.

Your help, your company… I need it.

I hope I'm not being too selfish by asking this...

Really? You'll stay by my side… forever?

Do you truly mean that?

Oh, thank you! You have no idea how happy that makes me! I mean it, thank you!

(Kiss, followed by a gasp)

I… I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to! I swear, it was just a spur of the moment thing! I was just so excited to hear you say that you'd stay with me forever and I-

Wh-what was that?

Do I have… feelings for you?

Well, to be honest… yes, I do. I have for the past year. But I didn't tell you because I was afraid that you wouldn't feel the same way and you would quit in order to avoid me.

Wait, did you just say… that you have feelings for me too?

And you didn't tell me, because you were also afraid I wouldn't feel the same and I would fire you?

(Laugh) Wow, to think that we both had feelings for each other and kept them secret for the same reasons…

It's like a cheesy romance story.

But if we both have feelings for each other, then what does that mean for right now?

Are we a couple, or…?

Only if I want us to be?

Well, of course I do!

Then you're happy for us to be as well?

I'm so glad to hear that!

Um… can I kiss you again?

Thank you!

(Kiss)

Aww, you're blushing! That's so cute!

Oh, but you've always been such a cutie. That smile of yours constantly makes my heart flutter.

I know this is a bit early, but... I love you!

(Giggle) I'm so happy to hear you say you love me too!

Seriously, I feel so giddy now! This feels like a great dream I never wanna wake up from!

Well, I think I know the answer, but now that the context has changed, I guess I'll ask again…

Will you please stay by my side?
