I have something for you. I'd say it's a gift, but it's a little bit of a gift for myself too, to be honest.
 
Here… *Speaker digs through a bag, taking something out, a small sound of metal tags gently jostled by the movement*
 
(Pause as the listener takes the item, looking at it thoughtfully.)
 
Do you like it….?
 
(Listener gives the Speaker a small, Shy nod.)
 
You do? 
Promise you're not just saying that to be polite?
 
(Listener gently reaffirms they like the gift)
 
You do know it's for /YOU/, right?
I bought it for you, not for a pet or anything. 
 
That's fine?
You like it?
 
*Smiling* Do you want to try it on?
 
(Speaker nods.)
 
[Sound of the metal tag or clasp jingling as the collar is clasped gently around the listener's neck.]
 
There we go. How is that?
Perfect. 
It looks wonderful on you. 
 
Comfortable?
Not too tight?
Good.
 
Now, I know sometimes people might think it's… odd to wear a collar, but I think they can look very cool or very cute. And, for me, it's mostly about the sentiment.
 
I'm giving this to you because I want you to have something to remind you of how much you're cared about. 
How if you're lost, you can always come find me. 
So you know you have someone you can just… let go and be vulnerable to. To take care of you. Keep you safe.
Something to remind you that you're not  only just a good person, but that you're also a Good Boy. *smiling*
 
You like being called that, right?
 
[Listener smiles and nods]
 
So, why don't you be a good boy and lay your head down on my lap?
 
*Softly Spoken, or whispered for the rest of the duration*
 
That's it.
 
Good Boy.
 
(If desired, speaker can improvise some gently whispered ASMR style speaking, like repeating "Good, good, good, good boy" if you like ASMR style whispers!)
 
And good boys deserve gentle headpats, don't they?
 
You'll do as I say, won't you?
 
So you can be rewarded with praise and headpats, right?
 
Can you be patient for me?
 
While I just look at you, in your new collar?
 
Just gentle touches…
 
*SFX, Speaker touches the collar, tapping or running their fingers over the collars material, touching the clasp, touching the rings or metal tags as the speak*
 
It's so pretty. 
I think it suits you well. 
It's subtle enough you could wear it anywhere you wanted if you'd like. 
 
But serves ita purpose of letting you know who to submit to. 
 
And here, on this tag…
*SFX, indicating the tag*
 
We can put your name, or a nick name,... anything you'd like…
Or leave it empty.  
 
We can take this off and you can pick something else you'd like too.
 
Whatever makes it comforting for you to wear.
 
Now, since you've been so patient,...
 
You want gentle touches on your hair, right?
Would you like that?
 
*Softly, dotingly*
Yes,... yes he's so well behaved because he loves gentle headpats, doesn't he? 
That's my sweet darling boy. So sweet listening to me.
 
Now, Close your eyes. Shhh..
 
And breathe in slowly….
*Speaker takes a breath in*
 
And Out…..
 
That's it,.... shhhh…
 
(Feel free to continue breathing exercises for as long as you'd like)
 
 
Now, can I touch your hair?
 
*SFX, Speaker touching listener's hair as they continue*
 
Good boy.
 
That's my Good boy. My sweet, sweet, sweet good boy…
 
Shhh….shh.
 
Just Relax.. while I pet your hair. 
 
Just focus on the feeling…
Of my fingers going through your hair. 
 
There's nothing to worry about.. everything's okay. 
 
Shhh…
Everything's okay. It's alright. 
 
Just keep doing your best. 
 
And make sure you get some rest too.
 
It's okay. 
 
Just let me run my fingers through your hair..
 
Shhh… shhh
 
And can I touch your ears?
 
That's it. 
 
My sweet good boy deserves all the scritches his heart desires, don't you?
 
Yes,... yes. Such a calm, quiet and well behaved boy.
 
Just keep resting in my lap. 
Keep your eyes closed and just relax. 
It's alright. 
 
Shhhh….shhh….
 
You're so soft and fluffy… fluffy fluffy fluffy.
Like a precious little puppy.
 
You remind me a lot of a dog I used to have once. Just in the way that you carry yourself. 
And how you curl up in my lap. 
 
*Gentle brushing sounds continue*
 
Shhhh, shhhh shhh.
 
It's okay, just let me hold you for a bit. 
Just be calm, and cozy and sleepy. 
 
Let your mind drift off into sleep. 
And I'll be here when you wake up. 
 
Right here.
 
That's it, that's my Good, good, good boy. 
My darling… sweet… precious… gentle… boy. 
 
Just let yourself rest. 
 
There's not many other things that shows such trust, than when your precious pet sleeps in your lap. 
 
Fully letting his guard down… being so vulnerable. It's such a special treat.
 
And as such, deserves special rewards.
 
As many gently pats as your heart desires. 
 
Anything that let's you know what a good, good boy you are. 
 
So just rest…
 
Shhhh, shhh…….
 
Rest.
 
You're safe. 
 
You're cared for. 
 
And you're such a good boy. 
 
*SFX, Hairbrushing continues*
 
Goodnight. 