(You approach the listener while they’re laying in bed)

Hey, honey/sweetie/darling?

I um,

I can see that you're in really rough shape… and I want to propose something to you.

I think it would be best if I took over the Dom role for today, just for a little while.

You know I'm not the strongest switch in the world… but you know I love it when you're acting all subby for me, right?

(Listener responds)

It's just that I had a problem in the past that- (deep breath)

(Collecting your thoughts)

I judge myself harshly sometimes when I think about how well I could be a Dom for you and I’ve tried to stay away from it, because I thought I wasn't strong enough…

but seeing you right now in your current state, well- I can see that you're exhausted and need extra attention.

(Playfully) You always do so much for me so I want to help you. Besides, I can't expect you to be Dom all the time for me.

I think I want to try my hand at doing this, at least until you get better, okay?

(Listener asks what you think they need)

I think you need someone who can reassure you and hold you and make you feel like you're going to be okay - because I know you are! I know you're going to be okay

It's just..

I’m here for you. I have a feeling that you'll believe what I’m saying a whole lot more than if I'm acting like your good girl.

(Resolve, as if coming to a conclusion) I know what you need and I'm going to give it to you, if you're okay with that.

(Listener confirms)

Thank you honey/sweetie/darling.

(With a little more confidence than before) I'm going to hold you, okay?

(Listener expresses concerns over you getting sick)

No- No- don't worry about me getting sick, alright? We're going to be fine. You don't need to think about that right now.

I'm gonna just hold you.

Next to me.

I'm going to lay down in bed with you.

[Light sounds of bed sheets rustling]

Hmm.

And have you rest your head on my tits. (Happy sigh)

That’s it.

I'm so lucky to have such a good boy. A strong, smart soul in my life.

I love you so much.

(Under your breath) Mine. (kissing noise as if kissing the top of their head)

(Speaker is appreciating the moment)

Now.. I have plans for us for the rest of the day.

(Speaker inquires about what that could be)

For starters, you are going to do a lot of resting.

I don't want to see you doing anything you don't have to, alright?

I'm going to take care of you.

I'm going to bring you everything you need, you just have to ask.

And please don't hesitate to ask.

(With a smile) I'm going to look after you.

Now, I'm going to get you some of the comfiest blankets in this place.

And I'm going to wrap you up good.

I’ll find your headphones and we're going to put on something nice for you to listen to, that just drones on and on-

Don't feel bad for falling asleep, okay honey/sweetie/darling?

I want you to rest.

Because when you're resting, that's when your body can heal.

(Observing the listeners face) Hmmm.

(The beginning of slower cadence as if the listener is starting to fall asleep in your arms) So…

You're going to stay in bed

and listen to me talk for a little bit.

I'm going to run my fingers through your hair.

and I might just start rambling on about something that you don't care about...

but that's okay, because I just need you to hear me while you fall asleep

Taking a deep breath, relaxing the oh-so tense muscles in your back and your shoulders.

and drift in and out of sleep.

Nothing else matters right now,

you don't really need to pay attention to what I'm saying, honey/sweetie/darling.

I just want you to relax.

I just want you to feel comfortable and good.

(Another kiss on their head)

I know you're tired, that's okay- you're going to feel better later.

I'm right here and I'm going to hold you and shower you with so much affection you won't know what to do with it.

(Happy Sigh) We're going to get you back on your feet.

(Slow cadence ends here) (A long pause is here. 7 seconds minimum.)

(Whispered) When you get up later.

(Listener is half-asleep)

(Whispered) When you wake up,

(Whispered) We can watch those movies you like...

(Listener sleepily mumbles out a question about which movies)

(Whispered)(Said with a smile) You know which ones

(Whispered) And I'll make something for us to eat, that won't put your stomach through the ringer…

(Whispered) And we'll keep doing this until you feel better

END.