Hey you.
What are you still doing up?
[Slightly plaintive] Come back to bed.
[Disbelieving, amused] You aren't sleepy?
(Laughter)
[Amused] We will see about that.
[Inviting] Come, sit here with me.
Let's watch the rain together for a bit.
 
[Wistful, dreamy] I love it when it rains during a full moon.
[Wistful, dreamy] It makes everything look so surreal.
[dreamy, soft spoken] Almost like we are in a fairytale.
 
[Tone shifts to soothing and soft spoken]
 
Shhhhh.
Don't talk.
Just listen.
Listen to the rain.
It's so soothing.
So relaxing.
And it's such a complex sound, too.
It's easier to hear if you close your eyes.
Close your eyes darling.
Come on, do it for me?
Thank you.
Rest your head on my chest.
That's it.
Very good.
Just relax and let me play with your hair for a bit.
Isn't this nice?
Sshhh.
Just nod your head.
Mmhmm.
Now, listen to the rain.
Really *focus* on the sound.
As I was saying, it is such a complex sound.
You can hear the general hiss of thousands of tiny droplets hitting the ground every second.
That sound is obvious.
But there's also the soft drumming of the rain on the roof.
The subtle tap-tap-tap on the leaves.
Listen carefully.
I'm sure you can hear it all, if you focus.
Mmmhm.
It really is a wonderful sound.
So relaxing.
So soothing.
I love listening to the rain and just letting my thoughts drift away.
Mmmhmm.
It's so nice.
I could listen to it all day.
Not doing anything.
Just relax and listen to the rain.
If you listen very carefully, you can just make out the gentle pattering of the rain against the windows.
Listen.
It always fascinated me as a kid, you know.
The way a raindrop slides down a window.
It still does.
I love following a single droplet as it makes its way down.
Sliding down the window.
Sometimes fast, sometimes slow.
Sometimes going a little to the left, sometimes a little to the right.
But always, *always* down.
Down... Down... Down.
Imagine it.
See it in your mind.
A huge window, full of little droplets of rain.
Pick one of them, close to the top of the window.
Focus on it.
It's not moving now, but it's just a matter of time.
Almost...almost... there it goes.
Follow it.
Follow it with your eyes as it slides down.
That's it.
Follow it down.
Down... down... down.
You are doing very well, darling.
Now look for another drop.
See it in your mind.
Focus on it.
Wait for it to start moving.
Aaaaand.... follow it down.
The raindrop is sliding down.
And you are sliding down right along with it.
Down... down... down.
Until finally... it melts away into a big puddle.
Just like you are melting into a big puddle of relaxation.
Mmmhmm.
You are so relaxed. 
So heavy.
So drowsy.
And it feels... so ... good.
So... very... good, to lie here.
Your head, resting on my chest.
Feeling so safe.
So comfortable.
And you can just barely feel my fingers... slowly gliding through your hair.
Tracing little circles with my fingertips.
Gently massaging your scalp.
It feels *wonderful*.
You... feel wonderful.
There is nothing to do.
Nothing to think about.
You can just lie here, listening to the rain.
Listening to my voice.
Following my voice.
Letting it guide you.
Guide you deeper and deeper into relaxation.
Deeper and deeper down.
You are doing so well.
Feeling so relaxed.
So drowsy.
So heavy.
Just let go.
Let everything go.
Just let yourself collapse into my arms.
There we go.
I got you.
Shhh, I got you.
Lie back now, darling.
Really let yourself sink down into the cushions.
The cushions are so soft.
And your body is so heavy.
So limp.
So loose.
Feel yourself starting to sink down through the cushions now.
They are like clouds.
Soft and fluffy and insubstantial.
You are sinking through them and it feels so good.
Just sinking down.
Deeper and deeper down.
Weightlessly floating.
Floating down.
Without a care in the world.
Just relaxing.
Letting your thoughts drift.
Listening to the sound of the rain.
Enjoy this, darling.
Enjoy the sound of my voice.
My presence.
And keep sinking deeper down.
Relax.
Let everything go.
Let your thoughts drift away.
There is nothing to think about.
Just listen.
Listen to my voice.
Listen to the sound of my breathing.
(sfx: inhale, slow and relaxed)
(sfx: exhale, slow and relaxed)
 
[A lot of pause between the lines, as well as a slow breathing in and out]
 
Let the sound of my breathing take you deeper.
 
[Breathy] Deeper
 
[Breathy] Deeper
 
[Breathy] Deeper
 
Just enjoy being here with me.
 
[Breathy] Deeper
 
Letting me guide you.
 
[Breathy] Deeper
 
Letting me take you deeper.
 
[Breathy] Deeper
 
[Whispered] Deeper
 
[Whispered] Deeper
 
[Very soft spoken] That's it.
 
[Very soft spoken] Well done.
 
[Very soft spoken] Go to sleep now.
 
[Very soft spoken] Let go of everything.
 
[Very soft spoken] Let any last thoughts float away.
 
[Very soft spoken] Empty your mind... and go to sleep.
 
[Very soft spoken] Go to sleep.
 
[Whispered] Go to sleep.
 
[Whispered] Sleep.
 
[Whispered] Sleep.
 
[Whispered] Good night, darling.
 
[Rain sfx fades away over 10 seconds]Hey.
(Chuckle)
Didn’t hear me the first time, huh?
[Amused] The way you were staring at your monitor there, it almost looked like you were hypnotized.
(Chuckle)
 
I asked if you wanted to get lunch together.
It's been such a slow day... 
I'm the only one there in my office, and it looks like it's the same for you.
So, I figured, might as well grab a bite together, right?
Let's sneak off to that Italian place around the corner.
Their Carbonara is just *divine*.
Besides… I’d love to get to know you a little better.
I always enjoy our little chats, but we've never gotten the chance to really… talk.
Come on, it will be fun, you’ll see.
[Teasing] I’m very interesting, I promise.
And the food there is really, really good.
Please?
As a favor to me?
[Pause]
There’s no need to be so tense, I don’t bite.
[Teasing] Well, not on the *first* date, at least.
[Pause]
[Confused] No? But...
(Sigh)
[Disappointed, sad] No, it’s all right.
[Disappointed, sad] Maybe some other time then.
[Pause]
Although...
[Pensive] You know… you really did look zoned out there, when I came in.
 
[Teasing] You’ve got to be careful with that, you know.
Some unscrupulous hypnotist might decide to take advantage.
[Seductive] Make you obey their every command.
Mmhmm.
You probably wouldn’t even see it coming.
It’s not like they just walk up to you, snap their fingers and tell you to sleep (chuckle).
It doesn’t work quite like that.
 
[Shift to hypnotic, soothing tone]
No, they start by just talking to you.
Speaking softly. Soothingly.
Making sure all of your attention is completely fixated on one particular thing.
Like on a screen… or a pocket watch… or maybe even their eyes.
You must have seen it on TV.
Somebody staring unblinkingly at a spiral... or being completely transfixed by a pocket watch?
[pause]
 
[A little more conversational]
Yes, they’re quite common tropes.
[Dismissive] But really, spirals, pocket watches, those are not the things you should be worried about.
They are too obvious, to catch anyone unaware.
I mean, they work perfectly well on people who *want* to be hypnotized.
But...let’s say I pulled out a spiral right now, like, on my phone.
You'd be on your guard, right?
You wouldn't just stay relaxed.
You wouldn't keep listening to my voice.
No, it's impossible to hypnotize anyone against their will with a *spiral*.
[Amused] And well (chuckle), who even carries a pocket watch these days?
 
[Shift to hypnotic, soothing tone again]
But *eyes*… everybody's got eyes.
It's not even unusual to talk about them.
It’s remarkable how often the eyes are mentioned when talking about how attractive someone is.
And keeping eye contact is entirely normal, expected even.
Yes.
Keep eye contact with me, please.
Very good.
I know it can make some people feel a little uneasy.
But there’s no need for that.
Please... just relax.
[Pause]
That’s better.
So... as I was saying...
There’s really nothing strange about looking someone in the eyes.
It definitely doesn’t immediately make you think of hypnosis.
Even the thought of getting hopelessly lost in my eyes… that just sounds *romantic*... doesn’t it?
Yes.
But some people… some people are lucky enough to be blessed with *exceptionally* fascinating eyes.
Gorgeous, magnetic eyes that draw your attention and pull you in.
Eyes like that are just perfect for luring an unsuspecting victim into a deep, hypnotic trance.
Eyes like mine.
[Short pause]
Don’t you think so?
(Chuckle) Look at you, all flustered.
[Earnest] I'm serious, I want to know what you think.
[Back to soothing, hypnotic] Take a moment… and consider it.
Look into my eyes... and tell me.
Do you think someone could get hypnotized by my eyes?
[Mulling it over] Mmhmm.
Let me give you a better view, so you can give me a more... informed opinion.
Just relax and let me sit on your lap.
(Optional SFX: as if sitting down in listener’s lap)
(Chuckle)
[Admonishing] Oh, hush now.
I know that you’re too shy to say anything, but…
[Intimate whisper] I’ve seen the way you look at me, when you think I don’t notice.
[Intimate whisper] I *know* how you really feel about me. …
So... I also know that you don’t actually mind when I get this close to you.
Stop pretending that you don’t want this, hmm?
Just admit it. This is a dream coming true for you... isn’t it?
To be so intimate with me.
To feel my arms wrapped around you.
And to see my eyes from so very close.
That's right.
I've noticed the way you glance at my eyes from time to time... always looking away again whenever I meet yours.
(Chuckle)
It’s all right.
I think it’s cute.
And I know my eyes are intriguing.
It’s only natural to want to have a better look.
There’s no need to look away from them now.
You can gaze into my eyes for as long as you want.
Go on.
Look into my eyes.
And tell me if you find them… hypnotic.
Yes...
There’s definitely something about them, isn’t there?
There’s something about my eyes that makes them… irresistible.
Uh-huh.
They are so colorful… and yet…. It’s so hard to pin down what color they actually are.
There's so much complexity to my eyes... so much *depth*.
Look a little deeper.
There’s no rush.
Take your time.
Really focus on my eyes.
That’s it.
Just relax and keep looking.
They are *incredibly* fascinating, aren't they?
Mmm. Entrancing, even.
You know... I’m thinking my eyes could *most definitely* hypnotize someone.
[Slightly amused] Someone like you.
(Slight chuckle)
I can tell you're being pulled in.
But... you’re not looking away, are you.
Maybe you haven’t realized yet what’s going on.
Or maybe you’re already caught like a deer in my headlights.
It doesn’t really matter.
What matters it that it feels *good* to lose yourself in my eyes.
It feels *good* to follow my instructions, to do what I tell you to do.
Yeah.
Just relax and enjoy this.
Let go.
Give in.
Keep listening to my voice.
And keep sinking into my eyes.
Yes.
I can see you are starting to drift away.
Just like I knew you would.
I’m going to hypnotize you, darling.
It’s inevitable at this point.
Sure, there’s still a chance you could stop yourself from falling deeper and deeper into my eyes.
Maybe you could even manage to look away.
But… you know that if you do… this moment passes.
I would get up and walk away.
Laugh all of this off as a joke.
And you'd *never* get to lose yourself in my eyes again.
You'd never get to feel this *good* again.
And so…  you just keep sitting there.
Gaze up into my pretty, pretty eyes.
You listen to every word I say.
Do everything I tell you.
And sink.
Deeper and deeper.
Deeper into trance.
That's it.
I am hypnotizing you.
And that's perfectly all right.
You don't mind at all.
[Teasing, smile in the voice] Hypnosis can't make you do anything you don't want to do, after all.
But... that's kind of a moot point, really.
Because there is nothing you don’t want to do for me right now, is there?
No.
You would do *anything* to keep feeling this good.
That’s how hypnosis works.
You decide to go along with whatever I tell you... because it feels so very wonderful to listen to me.
To let me take control.
To be so completely focused on me.
On my voice… and my eyes.
You don’t even notice that your mind keeps slowing down… down… down.
Becoming softer and more pliable with every passing second you spend gazing into my eyes.
With every word I say to you.
And... at some point… listening and following stops being a decision anymore.
There comes a moment when your mind has just become too mushy to do anything but absorb the words I'm pouring into your ears.
A moment when all of your own thoughts have melted and leaked out of your head.
When the only thing that's left in there is the sound of my voice.
When your mind is teetering right on the edge of consciousness.
When all of your defenses are poised to come tumbling down.
Leaving your mind completely open and vulnerable and ready for programming.
And *that*, is when the hypnotist tells you to... *sleep*!
 
[Longer pause]
… (sfx: fingersnap) wide awake. 
[Excited curiosity] So… what’s the last thing you remember?
Me telling you to sleep?
[Pause]
(Pleased chuckle) Good. Very good.
I see hypnotizing you worked just perfectly.
[Slight pause]
I told you you had to be careful, didn't I?
[Teasing] Say "yes Mistress/Master."
(Chuckle)
Oh, I'm going to have *so* much fun with you.
[Teasing] But first… lunch.
[Teasing] You aren’t saying “no” to me ever again, darling.*Listener’s phone alerts them that they have a missed call and a new voicemail. They unlock their phone and open their voicemail so they can listen to the new message. As the message starts to play, they can hear music playing faintly in the background.*

"Hey, I know you're at work right now and probably won't hear this until you're in your car and headed home, but I wanted to tell you not to pick up any dinner because I'm making some right now. And before you assume the worst, yes, I did actually follow a recipe last time. I learned my lesson after last time. Even though it wasn't actually that bad. I mean… depending on who you ask. The crows that hang out on the trash cans seemed to like it, at least. And you know what? That counts in my books."

*Narrator laughs.*

"But seriously, I actually did find a recipe to try out and it smells good. Like, really good. I think you'll really like it. It's got a lot of stuff you usually like. I've honestly been trying it as I go - which I get to since I'm the one making it so shut up - and it tastes great so far. I almost want to say that it tastes like what you got at the restaurant we went to last week, but that's probably putting too much faith in my own skill. I mean, even as talented and skilled and wonderful as I am, even I have to admit that my cooking skills… Well, they've needed some work."

*Narrator laughs again.*

"That's absolutely understatement, I know, but give me some credit, okay? I've been getting better! For the most part…"

"Anyway, that's not the reason I called you. Well, not the only reason. I also wanted to let you know that I also found the hoodie you thought you lost! It got caught between the far side of my bed and the wall. I'm willing to bet it fell over there when we were having our 'favorite childhood cartoons' marathon a few weeks ago. Speaking of which, we never actually got around to finishing the last season of Teen Titans, which is heartbreaking since that was the last show on our list, and my favorite cartoon of all-time."

"So I'm thinking that when you get home tonight, we should just hang out and watch the rest of it. The last season is so good, and we can eat dinner on the couch while we watch it! I even got us some dessert from the bakery down the street for after! It'll be the perfect date night!"

*Narrator pauses for a moment, their words finally hitting them. They start to talk faster, completely flustered by their slip-up.*

*Embarrassed, flustered* “I mean- I didn’t mean date night! I-I meant movie date! Wait, no! I meant movie night! What I meant to say was movie night! Oh my god, sorry, that’s so awkward. I was just thinking of like, how it totally sounds like a date, you know? You get home from work and I’ve made you dinner, and we eat together while watching a movie and maybe even cuddling a bit…”

*Narrator chuckles nervously.*

*Obviously lying* “Not that I think about that a lot- Or at all! I… don’t think about having date nights with you at all. Definitely not. Nope. Not at all.”

(Short Pause)

*Trying to hide their nervousness* “But I mean, would it really be so weird if I did? You and I are pretty good friends, and friends can sometimes do couple-y things, just for fun. I mean, we do couple-y things sometimes! And I like doing couple-y things with you! I honestly wish that we could do them more often, as if we were actually a couple. I think it would be a lot of fun! I think it would be really cool if we were a couple and I got to do couple things with you! I’d really love to date you!”

*Narrator abruptly stops, realization once again hitting them as they realize that they’re only digging themself further into this hole.*

*Flustered* “Oh god, I didn’t mean that. Well, I did, but I didn’t mean to tell you that! It’s just that, well, I think it would be nice to date you! I think that you’re really cute and funny and thoughtful, and-and you’re exactly my type, so dating you would be like a dream come true. I’ve kinda had a thing for you ever since the first time I saw you, and every day we’ve lived together, I just kept wanting to be with you more. Can you blame me? You’re a total catch!”

“Except that’s um… You don’t need to know that. Just ignore what I said, okay? Just forget everything. P-Please?”

“Oh, except what I said about you being a total catch. You really are, and you deserve to hear it. Even if this is the weirdest way to tell you that. But you really should know that you’re the kind of person that I could only hope to be with- I mean, that anyone could hope to be with.”

*There’s an awkward pause before Narrator groans.*

“Oh god, there’s no way I can fix this, is there? There is absolutely no way to salvage this.”

*Narrator chuckles, quiet and awkward.*

*Quiet, slightly sad* “I should’ve just hung up after I embarrassed myself the first time, huh? Now I’ve really made a fool of myself.”

*Narrator inhales before letting out a sigh.*

*Sheepish, nervous* “I think that I’ve said… more than enough.I should really shut up now. So uh… See you when you get here, I guess?”

*Narrator groans, clearly flustered.*

*Mumbling* “Oh my god, this is so embarrassing! I can’t believe I just said all that!”

*Narrator coughs, clearing their throat.*

"Yeah, I'll just… I'm gonna hang up now. I'll see you when you get home. Uh… yeah, bye.”

*Mumbling, sounding further from the phone* “Fuck. That… was not how I was hoping to say any of that. Oh god, please, please don’t hate me. I don’t know what I’d do if you did.”

*The voicemail ends.**You and them are eating at a cafe*
 
“And here we go, two ice cream sundaes. No, don’t worry about it. Paying is the least I can do after asking you to come watch me practice. Especially since you didn’t exactly see me at my best.”
 
“Yeah, sorry, guess I was a bit…distracted today. N-no no, it wasn’t your fault, really. I was probably just having an off day is all.”
 
“*Sigh* And either way, the guys really gave me an earful of it afterwards. I know I missed the ball three times, they didn’t have to remind me!”
 
“Sorry, I’m just complaining aren’t I? You don’t think so? Haha, well that’s a relief. Thanks for understanding. Last thing I’d want is to cause you any problems too.”
 
*Your phone chimes/vibrates and you check it*
 
“(Whispered/Muttering) Ah jeez, come on….”
 
“Hm? Oh, it’s nothing. Just got a text from one of the guys. Nah, it’s probably nothing important. If it was, they would’ve called me, so I’ll just check it later.”
 
“So…I was thinking, this weekend, maybe we can do something…special. You know, since we’re getting close to the three week mark and everything.”
 
“Well, my parents just left for a week long work trip today, so I’ll have the house all to myself this weekend. And since they’re gone, I was thinking, maybe you could, you know, come and…spend the night this Saturday?”
 
“A-and before you freak out or anything, I-I just mean we can spend the whole day together before we both sleep at my place! I-I can even sleep on the floor while you take my bed if that makes you feel better!”
 
“So…what do you think? Does that…sound ok?”
 
“You like it? Well, great, that’s great! Ok, then, how about this? Maybe after meeting up for lunch somewhere, we can head back over to my place. I have a lot of games for us to play, and there’s a new movie on Netflix we can watch too.”
 
“Awesome. I’m glad we have a plan then. I’m really looking forward to it…And I’m guessing you are too considering that messy smile you have. Haha, you’re fine, you’re fine.”
 
*You grab some napkins and move closer to them to wipe their face*
 
“Here, let me help. Guess that’s what happens when you eat ice cream that fast, huh. Just be glad you didn’t get a brain freeze or anything.”
 
“And there, all cleaned up. Forget about it, it was no big deal. Just figured I couldn’t let you walk home like that, right?”
 
“No, I think I’ll stick around here for a few more minutes. No, no, it’s fine, really, I still have about half my ice cream left to finish anyway. But feel free to call or text me when you get home, ok?”
 
“Yeah, this was fun. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
 
*They walk away and your phone vibrates/chimes again*
 
“*Groan* Come on guys, really? Ugh, as if things weren’t complicated enough.”
 
“They just have to keep reminding it’s the last week of the bet don’t they?…Whatever, I’ll just deal with them later.”
 
*Timeskip- you and them are walking to your place*
 
“I told you, it’s fine. It’s only a small duffle bag, so carrying it isn’t a problem. And after all, you did pay for lunch, so it’s the least I can do. And thanks for that, by the way. You can never go wrong with fast food, can you?”
 
“Still though, I’m excited for tonight. You’ve never seen my house before, right? Well, I think you’ll like it. It’s a little bigger than your place, but it should be fine. And don’t worry, I made sure to clean up too, so there shouldn’t be any big messes or anything.”
 
“Ah, there it is, just at the corner. What, I told you it was bigger than your place. Oh come on, calling it a mansion is a bit much.”
 
“Well, I guess my parents have pretty good paying jobs. My mom’s a writer while my dad’s a graphic designer. They actually met because he helped her make a cover for one of her first books.”
 
“Y-yeah, you could definitely….meet them someday. A-anyway, we should probably get inside. Gotta get you settled in for the night, right?”
 
*You unlock and open the door*
 
“And home sweet home. So, what do you think? Haha, well I’m glad you like it, even if you think it’s way too big.” 
 
“Anyway, I’ll take your bag up to my room. Would you mind holding my phone and stuff real quick? Thanks.”
 
*You walk off and your phone chimes/vibrates in their hand seconds before you start coming back*
 
“And I’m back. Thanks for holding everything…Um, you ok? You look…a bit confused about something.”
 
“Oh, I got a text? From who?…O-one of my friends?  I-I see. So, um, w-what exactly did it say?…’Good luck with the…final date’?”
 
“*Nervous/Fake laugh* J-jeez, those guys. S-sorry, sorry, it’s just, they’re my closest friends and everything, s-so I told them about the whole three weeks things I offered. A-and unfortunately, they all have a messed up sense humor.”
 
“They’re all just so sure you’ll dump me after the three week mark, so they just love making jokes like in that text, you know?”
 
“…Um, I’m sorry if you got worried or anything. I-I can talk to them about it if it bothers you.”
 
“No? Are you sure?…Well, ok then. Still, I…apologize for them. But, a-anyway, how about we play some games before dinner? I have plenty of games for the Xbox and Switch. Haha, yes, including the new one I got last week.”
 
*Timeskip- You and them just finish the your last game*
(Optional SFX: Game over OR Victory sound)
 
“Gah, darn it, lost again! How does this keep happening?! Are some kind of gaming expert and didn’t tell me? Yeah, sure, beginner’s luck. Maybe the first three times.”
 
“Haha, ok, ok, I’ll stop complaining. And anyway, that was still a lot of fun. I can never just invite the guys over to play like this. They’d probably just make fun of me and make it into a dumb competition. I know, I know, it’s just a stupid guy thing. Guess I can’t fault them for that.”
 
*Doorbell ring*
 
“Oh, perfect timing. Mind grabbing two plates? I’ll be right back with the food.”
 
*You get up and leave and come back with the pizza*
 
“And dinner is served. Hope you don’t mind, I ordered the pizza with olives, mushrooms, and pepperonis on it.”
 
“Haha, ok, ok, I’ll take the olives and mushrooms you pick off. Can’t have them go to waste now can we. But you at least gotta eat the crust. Haha, good, we have a deal then.”
 
*Timeskip- you and them are cleaning up dinner*
 
“And that’s the last of the dishes. And thanks for throwing out the pizza box. So…would you like to come up to my room? I-I mean, if you’re ready to go to sleep everything. W-we can stay up longer if you want.”
 
“Th-then just follow me.”
 
*You and them walk up stairs and you open the door to your room*
 
“So…this is my room. Y-yeah, sorry, I guess I left it kind of messy. B-but anyway, like I said earlier, y-you can take the bed if you want. I-I can just sleep on the floor. I have a sleeping bag ready and everything.”
 
“Well, ok, good. Guess with that settled, we just need to get ready for bed. A-and you can let me know when you need to changed. I-I can just wait in the hall.”
 
*Timeskip- after you and them get ready*
 
“So, you ready for bed then? All nice and cozy? Haha, well sleep tight then. Let me know if you need anything.”
 
*You turn off the light and get your sleeping bag. Seconds of silence before they call for you*
 
“Hm, what? What’s up, is something wrong?…You’re cold? Um, ok, I can go get you an extra blanket or something.”
 
“(Shocked/Flustered) H-huh?…C-could you…repeat that? You…want me in bed with you?”
 
“Um, I-I, uh, th-that’s- N-no no, I’m not saying no. Honestly, I’d actually really like to, but- N-not that I’d like to sleep in bed with you, I just mean- *Cough/Nervous laugh* I-I’ll just get in the bed.”
 
*You get up and get in bed with them*
 
“…Um, so…Wh-what should I…do here?”
 
“Just lay down and…put my arm around your waist? Um, o-ok.”
 
*You lay down behind them and wrap your arm around your waist*
 
“L-like this?…Y-yeah? O-ok, good. That’s good….This…this is nice. Can I…hold you closer? You’re just…real warm.”
 
“…Thank you, for being here with me. I wish…we could stay like this. Haha, I know, just another weird thing I wanted to say. But…just know, I really mean it.”
 
“*Yawn* Ok, I won’t bother you anymore. Let’s just both…get some sleep. And don’t worry, I’ll keep you warm for as long as you need.”
 
*Timeskip- A few days after the sleepover*
 
*You are walking to school and talking to them on the phone*
 
“Yeah, I’m nearly at the school now. Sorry for not being able to walk you there today, apparently my friends need to talk to me about something and they only told me so just this morning.”
 
“Yeah, of course, we can meet up for lunch like yesterday. But, actually, there’s….something I need to talk to you about later. Yeah, it’s…kind of serious. I-it should be fine, I just…really need to talk this out in person.”
 
“W-we can meet whenever you get here, so just…text me when you can, ok? Thanks, I…I’ll look forward to seeing you.”
 
*You hang up and let a sigh before spotting your friends*
 
*You stop walking*
 
“Hey guys. Yeah, sorry for the wait, I kinda…got a late start. But let me guess, you called about the bet? Yep, the…the three weeks are over. Guess that means…I won.”
 
“Come on guys, I’m not gonna brag or anything so can I just…take the money and get going? I have…stuff to do.”
 
*All of your friends each give the money they owe you*
 
“Yeah, uh…thanks for the cash, guys. This…this was fun.”
 
“W-what? N-no, I’m not sad it’s over! I mean, what reason would I have to be sad for?! Like I said before, I couldn’t be happier that the bet is finally over!”
 
“*Angry/Frustrated groan* Would you guys just lay off already?! Look, I did my part for the bet, ok?! I dated the geek for the whole three weeks, I played the good boyfriend, so now I can finally end this stupid game and be done with her!”
 
“…Do it now? What’s that supposed to mean?…T-turn around?”
 
*You slowly turn around and see them behind*
 
“*Gasp* (Scared/Shocked) O-oh no...”[speech fading in as the listener wakes up] (to self) I can’t believe she’s making me do this. I’m an adult! I shouldn’t have to listen to some stuck-up *angry scowl* Can I even do this? I don’t want to…Oh! (to listener) You’re awake. (awkwardly) Ummm, hi.

No! Please don’t freak out! I know how this looks but I don’t mean any harm.

What am I? I’m a [succubus/incubus], but I’m not here to do anything weird! I promise.

That’s a long story. (angry) To put it simply, I’m here because my mother won’t let me come back to Hell until I feed on some energy. It’s ridiculous! I’m 156 but she’s treating me like I’m 45! 

(disgusted) What? Eww, no. I wasn’t gonna do…that to you. There are a lot of ways succubi and incubi can take energy. Any powerful emotion would be sufficient, it just so happens that lust is what has humans making stupid decisions. My parents are also very traditional; Most of Hell is honestly. If you don’t “torment foolish mortals” you’re seen as a weakling. I don’t wanna do that, though. I don’t care if it makes me weak.

Why don’t I? It just grosses me out. Plus I’m not a huge fan of manipulating people into doing stuff. It feels wrong. *sigh* I’m sorry, I really shouldn’t involve you in my problems. 

You’re ok with it? Are you sure? You’re a complete stranger and I don’t want to be a bother. Well, more of a bother than I’ve already been.

Thank you. None of my family ever cared to listen. I haven’t “proven myself” or whatever.

Wow, how rude of me. I’ve been ranting about my problems and you don’t even know my name. I’m Belilithallu [pronounced like bell-lilith-allu], but since that’s a mouthful you can call me Bel. What about you?

It’s nice to meet you. I wish it could’ve been through a different situation, though.

I’m assuming this is the first time you’ve talked to any demon so I’m sure you have questions. I’ll go ahead and explain things the best I can. As I said succubi and incubi can absorb any kind of strong emotion as energy. That’s how we feed. It’s a painless process. Well, unless the demon is absorbing agony but those types are very rare. It’s honestly a waste of good energy, by being nice to a human you’ll have a “repeat customer” in a sense. 

Oh it happens quite often. My kind are all around you, you just don’t know it. The process of absorbing emotional energy also wipes the human’s memory. They don’t forget a whole lot but it's just enough not to remember the event. 

We look just like this. Big horns, a long spiky tail, claws, red skin. Although it’s not exactly normal for a demon to walk around in broad daylight looking like this. It happens sometimes at cosplay conventions and such, but it’s rare. Most of the time we disguise ourselves. Our bodies can change form very easily. We could really look like anyone or anything. (hesitantly) That’s another reason why most of us feed off of lust. We can bring certain…ehh…fantasies to life that wouldn’t otherwise be possible. But as I said I’m not like that! Normally I just help out strangers. Give them a hug, talk to them, do them a favor, and I feed off of that. I’m perfectly content with it, but my family is very against it. And they won’t let me go back home until I seduce someone.

You want me to…take your energy? (angry) If you’re suggesting what I think you-

Oh. You had something else in mind. What was it?

You’re right, I did wake you up and should probably help you fall back asleep. But I don’t see how that will help me.

(confused) Yeah I can feed off any emotion. Why would relaxation be any-Oh! I see what you’re getting at! Yeah, I can do that for you. And I’ll let my mom think I seduced my first human! Stupid imp won’t know the difference. Just so you know, you won’t remember this experience. I’m not even sure you’ll remember me at all. 

You’d really want me to come visit again? A weird [girl/guy] who showed up by your bed unannounced and cried about [her/his/their] parents all night?

Wow. I’m touched…Thank you. 

Alright. It’s time for a good old-fashioned pampering. Before we start, do you need anything? Food, water, bathroom break?

I can get that water for you. Just wait here. *pouring water*

Here you go. Drink up.

Now scoot over. Let me lay next to you. *getting into bed*

(whispering) Hi.*giggle* You look nervous. Don’t be, I’ll make sure you’re taken care of. Now lean against me. Wherever feels comfortable, doesn’t matter. *shifting in bed*

There we go.Comfy?

Great. Now I’m just going to start by lightly scratching your head. *scratching*

How does that feel?

Good. As long as you like it I’m happy. [extended pause for scratches]

Close your eyes for me. You can’t fall asleep with your eyes wide open. There you go. Now breathe with me. *calm deep breath* Copy my breathing and I guarantee you’ll feel more at ease. *multiple deep breaths* One more. *deep breath*

Excellent. Keep breathing like that for me. Next I’ll wrap my arms around you. Let me know if I need to squeeze tighter or loosen my grip.

Now it’s time for my specialty. How about some positive affirmations? 

Great. You deserve to know how cherished you are. I really do appreciate what you’ve done for me tonight. You have such a kind heart.

Shhh, no words. Just listen. *short pause* You deserve to be loved and cared for. I truly mean that. A kind soul like you should receive all the praise in the world. I’m here to do that, but there are other people out there that also care about you. So many lives have been positively impacted by you simply being yourself. 

I know it’s not easy all the time. I wish it was. You deserve an easy ride through life but, unfortunately the world isn’t always fair. I can’t fix your problems, but I can be here. Right now, you have my full attention. 

You are worthy. Your life has value, just by you being yourself. I’m proud of you, for everything that you’ve done. I know we’ve just met but I can tell that you have done amazing things, even if you don’t think so. I care about your wellbeing, and as long as I’m here, I'll take care of you. Because you deserve it.

Aww, your smile is really cute. Don’t try to hide it, it makes you all the more amazing.

Was that a yawn? Are you finally getting sleepy? Well how about a song while you drift off? *humming a song* [humming slowly fades out as the listener falls asleep]
* It's dark in the castle as Narrator makes his way through the corridors. He's making an effort to lower his steps and cause as little noise as possible while heading to his chambers following an attempted all-nighter to finish his tasks. *

(Internally) Ugh, I have honestly no idea how my brothers are even having a proper sleep schedule at this point. One task, only a single paper, and I'm up for hours. It's already completely dark outside. I can only imagine how much they must have on their plates. Being much closer to inheriting the throne and all. (He groans quietly) No, brain, not now. This is not the time to be thinking about my rather useless position in this household. Thank you.

* As he passes by the door to the banquet hall, the sound of rhythmic tapping reaches his ears. Soon following is humming as quiet as a whisper. He stops. *

(Internally) Huh? Steps? And humming? Is somebody cleaning the banquet hall? At this hour?

* He steps closer to the room, doors slightly ajar. Without touching them, he peaks through the opening. *

(Internally) Let me take a quick look ... Just a little bit of curiosity ... Hold on ... Is that ... Is that somebody ... dancing?

* Inside the room is a girl, the Listener, that he can barely see. Only the moonlight is outlining her shadow as she dances across the room, lost in her own thoughts. *

(Whispering) Wow.

* He finds himself being drawn to watching her a little more. *

(Internally) I can barely see her. There's so little I can make out. Only her shadow floating from one spot the other. Twirling, and twirling, and twirling. Do I know her? I wonder if I do. What could it be that she is doing here? All on her own and humming along to her own melody ever-so-peacefully. If only girls like her where in attendance at the official banquets. Humming with her every step and just drawing me in. (He chuckles.)

(Internally) What a stupid thing to think. She might as well be an intruder, waiting for her chance to attack. (You can tell that he isn't serious) So, I might as well watch her a little more. For safety reasons, of course.

* He sneaks through the door, leaning against the wall right next to the entrance. It doesn't take long until he has lost track of time, his initial excuse to watch her being long forgotten as well. *

(Internally, focused) It's still impossible to make out her features, even from inside the room. Her hair color, her face, everything. I wonder ... How many times has she danced here before? All by herself, without me noticing? There's not much you can do alone in this huge room. But there she is, not caring about the emptiness around her. (Pause) I should go. I really should. I bet she didn't intend for anyone to see her here. A pity. I wish I could have stayed just a minute longer. (He sighs audibly) 

* He freezes when he realizes what he has done. Only the sound of breaths filling the room, he looks at the girl who has stopped dancing all together, staring back at him from the middle of the room. *

(Aloud, but only to himself) Oh- Oh no- (He clears his throat) Uhm, please apologize my sudden intrusion. I didn't mean to scare you.

(Internally) I shall be damned. It's still too dark for me to see her face but I can tell that she is frightened. Eyeing me like a deer waiting to be attacked. I didn't mean to cause her such distress. I should have just left her alone. In her tiny bubble of happiness.

(Aloud) Please allow me to step a little closer. You will see that I'm not someone you need to be afraid of. (He raises his hands a little and chuckles rather shakily.) See, my hands? I come in peace and mean no harm.

* Slowly, he takes some steps towards the girl who remains glued to the middle of the hall. The closer he gets, the more does the moonlight reveal her features. *

I was only passing by when I heard you humming, you know? It was rather captivating, I must admit that. But I really didn't come to pry on you or anything. (His breath hitches once he fully gets to see her face, but he catches himself.) Finally, I get to see who charmed me this quickly. (He smirks)

* He watches the eyes of the girl widen in shock as she realizes who is standing in front of her. She falls to the floor, kneeling in front of him like everyone working at the place is customed to doing. *

(Soft, a hint of pain in his voice) Please, rise to your feet again. I was the one interrupting you, there's no need for such formalities. I'm sorry for making you do this. My uniform isn't making it easier, right? (He chuckles desperately) That's better. Don't feel afraid to look at me. Here, take my hand. I'll help you up.

* He extends his hand, carefully offering his strength to help the girl back to her feet. *

There we go. Speaking of formalities, let me stick to the protocol now as well. Since we are officially meeting for the first time. 

* He places his right hand in front of his heart and slightly bows in front of the girl. *

(Serious, official tone) I'm [Name], third prince of [Country's Name], third-oldest child to the king and queen and therefore third in line to the throne. It's a pleasure to be meeting you. May I ask for your name, too?

* She tells him her name. *

What a unique name. I promise I won't forget it anytime soon. Now, how are you associated with this castle? Are you a guest of ours that I had yet to meet?

* She tells him that she is working for the first princess, his sister. *

(Soft and curious) A maid? For my sister? That might explain why I haven't seen you around before. You are mostly working in her chambers, is that correct? Ah, then it does make sense. She is not much of a fan of her brothers coming to visit her and entering her room. (He chuckles) I swear we are not that bad. Just a little loud when we all come together. 

* The girl chuckles as well, being quick to cover her smile behind her hand before it fades again. *

(Internally, in awe) Ah, she chuckled. The way she scrunched her nose. To die for. Wait, what?

(Aloud, stumbling over his words after being lost in thought) What? She complains about us leaving behind a mess every time we visit? (Jokingly) Oh, come on, that's not true. I'm sure you know that, too! But it sounds like you are getting along well, I'm glad to hear that. There's hardly enough time to get to know every single person working here. And that's a real pity.

(Pause)

Huh? My sister is treating you well, you say? Not that I was expecting anything else, but it still comes as a relief. She's a kind soul. But that also means that you are doing your job well and I want to thank you for that. Getting up in the early morning hours to help us with our duties and only going to bed after we do, it's not the most enjoyable lifestyle either.

And nevertheless, you stay up at night, twirling through the banquet hall at 2 in the morning. I wonder why that might be. (curious, intrigued)

* Hesitating at first, the girl explains her reasons for secretly spending time there. *

You ... You want to feel like royalty? (Hurriedly) No, please, don't feel embarrassed about that! (He pauses and exhales softly) You really must have been working hard for all your life to feel this way. I don't want to pretend that I fully understand that because I never had to worry about food, shelter and health. But I really do understand the appeal big empty rooms have at night. They are so quiet; it feels like you can fill them with your dreams all the way to the top and not a single soul in the world would care. 

Do you do that every night? Walking through the halls, pretending to be someone you are not to escape reality for a moment?

* She explains it a little more. *

So, it's the banquet hall that draws you in every now and then. The room with the huge windows lining the wall all the way from top to bottom. And a shimmering chandelier hanging from the ceiling. A room with so much space and unlimited opportunities to use it. Hm, I don't think I've ever thought about it this way. For me, it's always connected to having to interact with guests that also have authority over us. Or hold power. It's always about impressions and pretending. And frankly, I'm not the best at socializing. (He chuckles in defeat) 

* She joins the conversation again. *

Fair enough, there's a big difference between attending a ball as a prince and dancing here alone at midnight in your paja- Wait. (Confusion and shock) Did you say pajamas? 

* He immediately slaps his hand in front of his eyes, avoiding eye contact with her and turning his head a little to the side. *

(Nervous) Oh, oh heavens, I'm sorry, I really didn't notice! I’m already looking away! (He starts rambling) No wait, it's not like I was looking at your clothes or your body for that matter. I mean, I was watching you earlier, but not like that, uhm, I just thought you were really endearing dancing through the room in your little bubble of happiness, and uhm, and yes, I couldn't stop watching, but that's not what I wanted to say, it's ... it's just that I wasn't looking at you that way. If I made you uncomfortable, I'm terribly sorry. I didn't want to. I'm just ... I'm just ...

(Internally) Completely stupid and ruining every chance for a casual conversation with her that I might have had in this life. 

* Her, chuckling: Really bad at socialising? *

(He sighs.) Yeah, I'm just really bad at socialising. You got that right. Okay, how do we go about this? It's autumn, how are you not freezing? A nightgown has such little fabric! (He swallows when he realizes what he just said.) Uhm. Let's not talk about that. At least you are wearing your slippers. How about ... Oh, I've got an idea! 

* With his eyes closed shut he removes his cape from his uniform, a long and soft row of fabric, definitely enough to keep her warm. *

I'm not looking, I promise!

Here, take this. Don't worry about returning it, I'll just tell my sister and ask for her help. Like I said, she's actually a kind soul. But you know that, of course. It might be a cape, but if you use it like a blanket and wrap it around yourself, it should keep you warm.

* He watches as she wraps herself in the luxurious fabric. *

Exactly, just like that. Turn once more and it's wrapped all around you. (He chuckles) Yup, nearly there. (Pause as he watches her) So cute. (Sudden inhale) I-I mean, good. So good. Because that's some splendid fabric. Isn't it? (Nervous laughter)

* She thanks him for the cape *

(Pause) You are very welcome. Again, I'm sorry for interrupting your private time like this. I just couldn't stop myself from watching. Never ever had I see something or rather someone like you before. So, I also must thank you for letting me enter your dream bubble. 

(Pause)

What? Oh, don't worry. I will keep all this a secret, our little secret if you may. Just make sure to get back to your room safely, alright? My sister would have my head if she knew that I made you stay up all night.

(Pause)

How about I accompany you to the stairs? 

* She asks what major events could happen if she were to go alone. *

(He chuckles) Of course, you are right. I'm sure you would find the way just fine on your own. But please grant me that one minute to walk with you, will you? 

* She accepts. *

(Delighted) Great! Perfect, thank you. So, (He clears his throat) My Lady, (He smiles.) How about you take my hand, and we walk off into the night? Just the two of us?…Now, rendezvousing from this alley, we want to scour the southwest portion of downtown. I’m sure we may be able to stop the ambush before they get there, and-
 
Well, well. An eavesdropper? (Chuckle) Or have you just suddenly decided to wake up? Granted, it’s difficult to tell the time in such a dark facility as ours. Well, now that you’re awake, I’ll be handling this one. Agents…if you wouldn’t mind leaving us on our lonesome for a few minutes…?
 
(Firmly) Now.
 
[Door shutting]
 
Thank you. Now… back to you. 
 
(Patronizing) My, you’re looking a little worse for wear, aren’t you?
 
You could say the same for me? Hmph. We all age, old friend. You certainly aren’t the wide-eyed child with a big heart I grew up with. Hmm… Maybe, just maybe, I just look better for my age than you do. 
 
Oh, that hit a nerve, didn’t it? You’ve still kept your sharp tongue all these years, haven’t you… It’s one of your qualities that I’d never forget.
 
(Sharp) You know, the agents don’t trust me being around you. Even through their pitch black glasses and stiff suits, you can see it. If you weren’t locked in this, I wouldn’t even think of being alone with you. You’ve made your fellow citizens view you as the bane of their city, and you’ve given them reason enough to believe so. 
 
Hit and bodyslam that glass wall all you want, and yet, it will never break. State-of-the-art technology. (Chuckle). You’ve stolen quite a bit of that, correct? By continuing to fruitlessly hit this, you’ll only tire yourself out and aggravate your wounds…
 
…Yes, the wounds you received from your capture. The ones I — rather, my crew — gave you. It wasn’t one of your most graceful performances, I would say. Even from where I was, circling up on a helicopter, I could see it. All over your face and your body. 
 
(Low voice) You know what it was? Fear. Thick, saturated fear. You’d finally met your match, hadn't you? I’ve seen it enough to know — fear can make even the most experienced villain commit an erroneous move, however, you… you were lucky enough to still retain some of your skills.
 
[Footsteps as speaker paces next to the listener’s cell, continuing with his words]
 
Do you recall? As you began making your grand exit, it was clear you weren’t expecting us to show up. You tried to keep your composure and fight us off, yet as the time passed, you became tired. Exasperated. You finally gave in, and collapsed to the cracked pavement… the same way you’re sliding down the wall right now.
 
[Footsteps stop]
 
(Firm yet gentle) This wasn’t you, the you I knew and adored.
 
Was it me that finally uncovered your plans? Yes. Yes it was. You could say that I felt a bitter tangle of both satisfaction and remorse. Yet I couldn’t help but become entranced by your plans. They were so intricate and intimate, and it was like I was seeing something meant for someone else. Still, I could tell you wrote them — it was as if we were still studying in the lab back in college, with your clean and overly-organized way of writing all of your notes.
 
Prior, however, I’ve seen you countless times on the news as you unleash brutal assaults, cold and calculating. I’ve studied your tactics, gear, and—
 
No, I don’t stalk you. Tch. Merely observation. 
 
Am I happy, you ask? For finally capturing you? Hmph. I want to be. I want to force myself to celebrate, to receive all the glory, to be bestowed a medal of honor. But… I can’t bring myself to wholeheartedly want any of that. All I desire,  genuinely, is to…
 
[Speaker trails off, and huffs]
 
Nothing. It doesn’t matter. 
 
My, even as you glare into my eyes and furrow your brow, your eyes are the same I’ve always known. Full of determination and some kind of spark, but now they carry a new kind of look—realization. 
 
(Slightly taunting) Ah, ah ah…don’t try to refute me when I’ve known you for so long. 
 
It’s hitting you know, isn’t it? The full weight of the people you’ve harmed, the things you’ve done. It's about time you have a damn moment of reflection.
 
(Firm) So, the moment has arrived. Why? Why did you do it? That’s the question that’s been burning on my tongue for so long; it’s the question I’ve simultaneously dreaded to ask. 
 
[A bit of a longer pause]
 
I see. You were.. tired. Tired of people having overly-high expectations, of being the prodigal child, of being perfect. You were sick of the scummy way the world had treated you as a kid, only to have them switch up when you brought impeccable grades and college admissions. Ergo, you despised how they only valued you for their own advantage.
 
It’s not pretty, is it? The way you can be treated like a napkin. Used when you’re needed, and thrown away when someone decided they’ve had enough of you. That’s politics. Remember how I used to work on a campaign for the senator with gel-caked hair? I wasn’t paid, despite the guy being richer than a mother. I moved to state offices, all alone, and the stress was horrible. I wanted to serve the public with all of my heart and soul, but they hated me for it. Once I made it here, I was weary and battered, as if I’d fought numerous wars. But I made the promise to remember the wrongs that had been committed against me, and prevent them from happening to others. Not to worsen what was wrong with the world. 
 
(Tender) I wish you would have done the same thing. But it’s never too late to reverse your misdeeds, and no one needs to go through it alone. I want to…
 
(Gentle chuckle) Yes, I’ll spit it out if you let me.
 
I want to help you. I want to be by your side as you mend your errors and pick up the pieces of your life. Only… I wish I could’ve been there for you sooner.
 
(Flustered) I-I.. W-What? No! I never said I wanted to… be… with you or.. anything. No, no, don’t give me that smirk. You’re in a cell, for God’s sake, you have nothing to sneer about. This is strictly a guidance offer. Come on, don’t tell me you’re pouting.
 
My cheeks are not red. I wear this thick pantsuit all day; I’m bound to be hot. Now, I have business to take care of. The agents will come in soon enough to check up on your wounds. Be good for them and me, alright? From now on, consider this the beginning of your long, new chapter.Shhh, shh, shhh....
 
It's time to sleep. 
 
Come cuddle up. Get cozy. 
 
That's my good boy 
 
Mmmm that's my Good boy. 
 
Bundle up under the blankets. 
So soft, and comforting and safe. 
 
So cozy, and fluffy. 
 
Such a good job. You did so well today. 
Good boooooy.
 
Such a good boy. 
 
Shhhhh…shh…
 
Breathe for me good boy. Breathe. 
 
* breathe in and out slowly if desired*
 
That's it. 
 
Calm down now, it's okay. 
 
You did so good today. So good. 
You're so amazing.
 
 
Shhh, shhh shh.
 
Come cuddle. 
 
 
That's it. That's it. 
 
That's my good boy, my sweet boy. 
 
 
You did so well. 
 
Such a good job. You worked so hard to get through the day. You've done so well. I'm so proud of you. 
 
But it's bedtime now. 
 
So close your eyes, baby boy. 
 
Shhhhh close your eyes.
 
 
Shh, shhh, shhh…
 
That's it.
 
 
That's my baby boy.
 
Baby, baby boy. 
 
 
So sweet. Such a sweet boy. 
 
 
Shhhhh….
 
 
Shhh…
 
 
Just rest, dear. It's bedtime. 
 
Resst. And relax. 
 
 
Good job. 
 
 
I'm proud of you. You did such a good job today. 
 
 
That's my boy. 
 
My sweet, good, baby boy. 
 
 
Such a good job. 
 
You did so well today. 
 
 
So just rest easy now. It's okay. 
 
 
You're okay. Shhh. It's okay, it's safe. 
 
 
Just stay cozy. Cozy, cozy, cozy. 
 
 
My sweet cozy boy. 
 
 
Close your eyes, shhhh….
 
 
Shhh… rest.
 
Rest for me, sweet boy. 
 
 
Sleepy boy. My Sleepy, sleepy boy. 
 
 
Shhhh.
 
 
Just go to sleep for me okay?
Just sleep, and rest, ready yourself for tomorrow. 
 
 
You're safe. It's safe here.
 
It's cozy, it's calm. 
 
 
That's it. 
 
 
Good Boy. 
 
 
Such a sweet, Good boy.
 
 
Shhhh…..
 
 
Just stay here with me. 
 
 
Just relax. Let yourself relax. 
 
Let go of everything. Shhhh. Let go.
 
 
Just lay right here. And sleep. 
 
 
Sleep tight, all cozy under your blankets. 
That's it.
 
So soft. So warm. So comfy. 
 
Just feel comfy, okay?
 
Get some good rest, so you can be ready for tomorrow. You'll do so well tomorrow too.
 
You do your best every day. 
You're trying to hard to be good. 
And you are good. Such a good, good boy. 
 
Shh…
 
So comfy and cozy. So soft. So calm. 
 
Just stay calm for me, stay calm.
 
Shhh, shh, shhh.
 
Close your eyes, baby boy. 
Keep them closed. 
 
Let your body relax. 
Relax. 
 
Just float away, baby boy. 
 
That's it. Just float like a soft fluffy cloud. Drift ro sleep. I'll be right here for you. 
 
I'm right here, don't worry. 
 
Just relax now.
 
Shhhh.
 
Go to sleep. Go to sleep and have sweet dreams
 
 
Goodnight, sweet boy. 
 
Sweet dreams. 
 
Shhhhh..[The villain hurriedly makes their way towards the room the hero is being held in. The door opens and the villain comes stumbling in, heaving breaths, and trying to get their breath back. They didn't want to leave the hero waiting too long. After all, they could easily leave if they really wanted to.]

Just... just give me moment, please.

{They continue to pant, before letting out a long sigh, and collecting themselves.}

(excitedly) So!

Welcome to my new lair! Do you like it? I’m personally a big fan of the colossal dark marble pillars myself. Feels so... fancy.

...

Well yes, of course I splurged on it. I knew that at some point they’d probably get crushed, and why not make it an aesthetically pleasing destruction? Can you really blame me, hero?

...

What do you mean ‘what have I been doing?’ I’ve been trying to beat you, and it seems I’ve succeeded.

...

Well, yes, I know you walked in here on your own accord, but that’s besides the point. Now you’re tied up with no way out, so I can finally talk to you.

...

I’d tell you if you would just let me monologue! You’re not normally this rude, you know. In fact, that’s exactly what I wanted to talk to you about.

...

{scoff} Not just you being rude, thank you very much. I’m talking about the lack of passion, the failing justice that so many have called unfailing. Is this because of my little stunt as an anti-hero?

...

What? You don’t remember that? Not the whole ‘steal from the rich’ scheme I had back in May?

Really? I had a new costume for that and everything.

(mumbling sadly under their breath, though clearly audible) Of course, you probably didn’t notice...

...

Yes! The one with the blue accents! See, you do remember!

...

Well, I mean, if you really liked it that much, I suppose I could always give it another shot...

Mike, could you go get that one for me? Leave it in my office. I don’t really feel like going to the basement right now...

...

Then get someone who does have clearance to do it. Thank you.

I’m getting off track. You’re good at doing that Hero, you know, throwing me off my train of thought. What was I talking about?

...

Right! The anti-hero stunt!

Honestly, I wouldn’t blame you if that’s why you’ve been a bit more... withdrawn lately. It really did not suit me.

Aside from the costume, I don’t think I was really cut out for being an anti-hero. For starters, I’m not actually anti-hero. I like heroes. Well, heroes plural might be a bit generous. I like a hero.

...

Wha- I’m- I’m talking about you, you idiot. What other hero do you see me graciously allowing into my lair? I even set those guard dogs on you. I know how much you like petting them. The way you light up when you see them, grinning even in the most serious situation, cooing at them with that adorable voice...

But, once again, that is not the point!

You’ve been acting odd the last couple of months. Don’t think I haven’t noticed the way you’ve been going solo more often than not. You haven’t been in the past 5 group photos of that little team you’re part of. You didn’t even show up to my robbery of that bank last week.

...

(slowly, as though wary of saying the wrong thing) You... didn’t see the point?

...

I know they’re corrupt as all hell, that’s why I did it.

...

You agreed with me. You. The hero. Agreed with me.

Are you okay? Are you sick? Did that idiotic buffoon of a scientist try to kill you with some sort of strange poison again?

...

No? Hm. Well, I’m officially going insane. I knew it would happen at some point. I mean, it’s basically the villain pipeline. You go from being a regular every day person to having one defining moment where you decide you’ve had enough, screw around with some ridiculous evil schemes for a while and then at some point you go insane.

...

Oh haha. Sure. I’m (mockingly mimicking the hero’s tone) already insane.

{scoffs} You’re being a little shit. Don’t get me wrong, it’s kind of cute, but it’s also a bit concerning. What happened to that TV persona you always put on?

...

No, I’m not filming. Why would I do that?

...

Just because I streamed it live once, doesn’t mean I’ll do it again. You made a complete ass out of me last time, it’s never going to happen now. That’s never stopped you from being the physical embodiment of the boy scout spirit.

...

And... now you’re giving me nothing.

Are you... okay?

You know what, no, you’re very obviously not.

Fuck it. I’m letting you out. Come on.

[The villain lets the hero out of the chains/rope they were tied up in and helps pull them up.]

Okay, we’re going to the kitchen because you look two seconds away from a breakdown and I’d rather you be at least somewhat comfortable. And I can make you something to eat, considering how insane your metabolism is. There’s absolutely no way you aren’t hungry after that fight.

[The two walk from the villain’s interrogation room to a cosier area, and towards the kitchen.]

Now, you sit down, relax, and talk to me while I get some ingredients out, okay?

[As the hero sits down at the kitchen bench, the villain rifles through the cupboards for ingredients.]

I’ll make some pasta. Don’t worry, I know your dietary restrictions and all that. I even know the diet the super hero council has you on.

Frankly though, it seems somewhat ridiculous, and unless you personally tell me not to, I will elect to ignore it.

...

Good. Now talk. What is going on with you?

... [Listener asks if they’ve thought about giving up the whole villain thing]

Hm. Well, I guess I have considered stopping... It’s hard not to have second thoughts sometimes when you commit to something this extreme. Why do you ask? Are you-

...

You what?

...

What do you mean, you ‘don’t want to be a hero anymore?’ Was it something I did?

...

No? Then-

...

{Sigh} The council. Those bastards. They’ve been getting into your head, have they?

...

Well, whatever they say, they’re not worth it. You’re a perfectly capable hero. You have the least casualties per fight of all the heroes in the country, and that’s a statistic, not just my opinion.

...

They... don’t care... about casualties. What.

...

Are you sure they’re heroes?

...

I see. So that’s why you’re having doubts. Could you not, I don’t know, leave the council? Do your own thing?

...

Oh ew. No, you’re right. You’re absolutely right. If I can’t be an anti-hero, then you certainly can’t be either. You might be able to pull off the costume, but not the dynamic. I can’t fight an anti-hero. It’s too moody.

...

{Laughs} Well, I’m glad you feel the same about me.

You really don’t want to do the hero thing anymore, do you?

Hm. I have to admit, I haven’t been feeling the drive to fight anymore either. I’ve mostly just been doing it for a chance to see you again recently.

But... if you’re just going to wander in here and sit at my counter whilst I cook for you, keeping half the city hostage seems a bit... unnecessary.

...

Now that is a question, isn’t it? Would I still be a villain if you weren’t a hero? Two sides of the same coin. What happens when one leaves?

I suppose... I suppose I wouldn’t. There would be no point. Any other hero wouldn’t treat me seriously, and they certainly wouldn’t be as fun to fight or banter with. In fact, I had been looking at passing on the organisation to this little upstart over by the river.

...

Yes, that little group that have been dubbed modern day Robin Hood and his Merry Men. Even if I can’t be an anti-hero myself, I can certainly support others who can. How to go about it though...

...

Faking our deaths? Isn’t that a little... cliche?

...

(amused, but genuinely excited) Oh you want to make a spectacle out of it now do you? Have a fight in the middle of the city, perfectly choreographed?

...

Oooooh, that is a great idea! Make it look like we destroyed each other! Good!

I can make that work, can’t I? Make it look believable? After all, people really thought I hospitalised you that week in April last year when you went on that vacation. There were letters and gifts and everything. Maybe we could convince people to donate to charity with that effort instead, go out with a bang!

...

Of course I’m willing to help you! Why on Earth would I not?

...

Hate you? No! Didn’t I just say a few minutes ago that I like you? I enjoy our time together, you idiot. If you’re going down, I’m going down with you.

...

That’s not how the saying goes? Well, that’s how it goes for me.

Could you hand me the- Yeah, thanks.

Idiotic saying or not, I’m with you, alright? We’ll fake our deaths and go to New Zealand or something. Heroes and Villains never show up there.

...

Oh, this lair isn’t all that precious to me. I may have been lying about the pillars. I’m pretty sure I got scammed which is kind of pathetic, but as I said, I’m somewhat loosing my touch.

The architect just seemed happy to have a chance to let loose and I couldn’t really say no with how proud he looked. Hopefully the next owners will deal with it so I don’t have to feel bad.

...

I am not a softie!

...

Well, maybe I am! But you’re more of a little shit than you let on, so you have no firm ground to stand on.

...

(spluttering) I do not get flushed when you tease me! Not only are you a little shit but you’re a liar too, hmph.

...

Fuck it. Fine. I’m a big softie, you happy?

...

I- I haven’t heard you laugh like that in a while. It’s... nice.

...

Right! The sauce! Let me just put all of this together and leave it to sit on the stove for a bit.

[The villain puts a pan on the stove, turns it on, and starts putting in ingredients.]

There we go.

(muttering under their breath) That needs to go for 10 minutes with intermittent stirring...

...

What? No... I didn’t memorise your favourite pasta recipe, what are you talking about, hahaha...

...

(hopeful) You memorised that brownie recipe I talked about? Huh. Have you tried them?

...

Ha! I told you they were good!

...

Well maybe I can make some to celebrate once we’re both legally dead, hm?

Does that sound alright to you? Sit on a rooftop somewhere, eating brownies whilst the city is in chaos over the death of both their most persistent villain and their beloved hero? Equal parts relief and sorrow. That seems fitting, doesn’t it?

...

[The hero stands up and starts making their way to the cupboards.]

What are you-

[The hero grabs cutlery and starts to set the table.]

Oh, thank you. You didn’t have to set the table.

...

Well if you’re feeling that awkward about not helping out, you can grate some of the Parmesan whilst I give this a stir.

{villain sniffs the air}

On second thought, no. You are going to go have a shower. I’m sorry, but you stink.

...

You went through the sewers? EW! Go! Shower, now!

...

You can just borrow some of my clothes.

...

Excuse me, I do so have comfortable clothes! Believe it or not, my entire wardrobe isn’t just dark leather and spandex. Hmph.

Head to the first door on the left down the hall to the master bedroom. May as well use the en suite if you’re there. Pick whatever you want from my closet. Dinner should be ready by the time you’re done.

...

Yes, yes, whatever, you don’t have to thank me. Think of it as payback for throwing you into that building last week. Now, shoo.

[there’s a pause as the hero walks away and the villain continues to cook]

(affectionately) Idiot.

(mimicking the hero) *‘I thought you hated me.’ *

What a load of rubbish. Guess it’s up to me to look after the dumbass.(You were walking to your designated camping site, until you heard someone is following you, it’s your partner the listener) (Night Time Forest Ambience) (Campfire sfx) 

 “(sigh) Come out already, I know your here,  nerd”  

 “How many times do I have to tell you? I don't want to be your partner” 

 “(mocking tone) I don't care..Get lost, already…” 

 “Hey, are you deaf, I said get lost!…”

 “Move!  (shove the listener)(chuckle) Awww what’s the matter? You don’t like being pushed around? (chuckle)  then do  yourself a favor, fuck off”
 
 “(whisper) Finally….*The listener stumble* What the...You have gotta be kidding me..”

 “(Sigh) Hey, get up…. Hey falls-a-lot I said get up…” 

 “(Slight worry tone) Are you okay?...Hey, your glasses are broken” 

 “Hey, Wait!...Hey, where the hell are you going?!...”
  
 “You’re gonna  hurt yourself so quit it….Hey, nerd, stop it.  Hey I Said stop it!” 

 “C,mere…Come here. Wrist. Now!...(slightly shy tone) I don't care how close we are to our campsite, I am not letting you go…” 

 “Sit. And stay still…..Hey, will you stop moving? (sigh) I'm just checking for injuries, geez anxious much? (short pause) Tsk, I can’t see a thing” 

 “Hey Nerd, do you have a flashlight? What?! So you followed me through the woods without one?! You know how dangerous that is?!” 

 “Why would you even do that?!...(Shy tone) You're worried about me?...
(whisper) You're so stupid, you know that?....”

 “Get closer. Just get closer so I can see you (shy tone)Um, Hey, can you close your eyes?…” 

 “You got a little cut on your nose…I need to disinfect it…(sigh) Don’t be such a baby (short pause) It won’t hurt…(whisper) I promise….” 

 “(shy tone) Here, you can hold my hand. Yeah it's okay….I'm gonna start now alright?…..shhh, shhh it's okay, it's okay, we’re almost there….And We’re done....Yeah, you can open your eyes now…and you can let go now as well…” 

 “(cough) um how are you feeling? (Sfx: Stomach rumble)(slightly shy)....Are you hungry? I don’t have a lot but here…have some marshmallows” 

 “(slight frustrated) C’mon It got nothing’ in it, so just eat….you’re so annoying”
(short silence)”

 “Hm? What is it?….What?(chuckle) Really? You don’t know how to roast marshmallows?” 

 “(sigh) That’s what you get if you keep looking at your  phone all day”

 “It’s simple…Poke a marshmallow onto a stick”

 “Then, just  roast it, just above the fire…Or if you're bold, like me. Toast it...”

 “You do that until. Boom. Golden…”

 “Yeah, It’s that easy….Well, what are you waiting for? Do it. (cute laugh) It won’t burn, trust me….Do it, Do it , Do it (cute laugh)....(giggle) Hm? Nah it’s nothing…(shy tone) You just look…cute while you do that…that’s all…”

 “(short pause) Woah, dude,  your marshmallow melted! (chuckle) Probably you shouldn’t have toasted it (chuckle) (slight shy tone) Here, you can have mine…Yeah it's okay” 

 “(chuckle) Hey, stop that (chuckle) Ew, it's melting between your teeth (laugh) (short pause)” 

 “Hey, you still have your glasses, right?...Give it to me(scotch tape noises) Here…I tried to fix it….C’mon…Try it on” 

 “(Laugh)  Nah it’s nothing (Giggle) You look even nerdier than before (giggle)(shy tone)...Hey, no, I’m just joking, alright?...I like it…It’s cute”

 “(Shy tone) You look….Handsome/beautiful  (wshiper) For a nerd that is”

 “(short pause) Hey, you look sleepy.…Hey, where are you going?”

 “I know you’re not my partner, but Just stay (short pause) You heard me, just stay (whisper) Don't make me say it again”

 “(slight commanding/shy  tone) Give me your  hand…”

 “(SFX: Tent zipper open) Be careful, alright? (SFX: Tent zipper closes)....I only have one sleeping bag, will that be okay?” 

 “(SFX: Two people getting in a sleeping bag)...Is it comfy?....Hey, put your head on the pillow….Yeah, it’s okay…I..I don’t mind….And we’re closer than before (awkward silence)”
 
 : “Um hey. Im -  I’m really sorry about earlier….All the things i said…I'm really sorry (short pause)”

 “Hm?..(sigh) I’m not mad at you…(shy tone) I..I- I just don’t know how to act around you”

 “(Short pause) Do you remember our first camping trip, when we were kids?” 

 “I was so excited that day, but my parents had to cancel it all of a sudden…” 

 “It didn't stop us though. We did the whole thing in my backyard. We  built our own little tent. Ate smores. Stargazed….” 

 “After that night, all I ever think about is how can I get back to you” 

 “You're the only person I feel safe with…You're the only one who can make me happy…You  can even see the good in me when I can’t…”

 “I wanted to be like you….I wanted to make you smile, make you laugh. I wanted you to know that you’re not alone. That there’s someone you can open up to, cause I know you have a hard time trusting people…”

 “I wanted you to feel loved as well, that there's someone who cares about you. I want to show you that….You, matter to me....”

 "But you left before I can do anything. (short pause) and when You came back” 

 “I tried everything to push you away”

 “(short pause) (shy tone) But I keep returning  to you….because, I..I.. I still love you”

 “(sigh)You heard me…I, I  like you…”

 “(shy tone) And I’m serious!...This isn’t some stupid prank” 

 “I know I’m bad for you…But, I want to be with you so bad,  but  I’m afraid it wouldn’t work between us”

 “...We’re so different from each other….I bullied you alot, called you names….I’m nothing compared to you”

 “You’re still nice...Still patient, and you’re still forgiving...So why would you want to fall in love with me?”

 “(short pause) (soft chuckle) You really didn’t change, huh?” You still see that better version of myself….”

 “Maybe I do need you....I promise to be better….I want to do those things  that I should have a long time ago….Because you deserve it”

 “(short pause) Hey, close your eyes for me?…Do you trust me?....(kisses) (Kisses)....” 

 “Did you like that? (giggle)…You’re mine now, you got that? (chuckle) (shy tone) You’re my baby now” 

 “I’m never gonna hurt you again, and no one will ever hurt you, I  won’t let them….” 

 “I am serious (chuckle)...I know how to fight (chuckle) I’ll fight what’s mine…and I’m not gonna share(chuckle) You’re mine, and this lips are only for myself (chuckle)” 

 “Alright, alright….You’re still gonna be my partner tomorrow, right?”

 “(slight nervous tone) Oh do you have plans after this?...Do you like to go on a date with me?...I’m not gonna force you to go with me, so it’s fine if you don’t want to…”

 “ Yeah? (Chuckle) Okay….Hey (kiss) (giggle) I've always wanted to give you forehead kisses…”

 “Hey, I love you (short pause) and good night….”
[Upbeat] Hey sweetheart? Guess who just came through your window to visit you? That's right! It's me! And my hips didn't get stuck this time!
 
I got your text not too long ago. As soon as you told me you were feeling lonely I came rushing right over, because there's no way I can leave my good boy alone when you need me, sweetie. I'm like your super girl. 
 
[Awkward] Well, maybe super woman would be more fitting since I'm a bit on the older side. But you don't mind, right? That's what makes you my super man. I'm not sure if super woman is a thing though. But I guess it doesn't matter. 
 
[Confident] All that matters right now is you. Since you've been feeling lonely I thought I could keep you company. So, here I am! I'm glad you texted me actually, I was feeling a bit lonely myself. Well, I always feel lonely without you. 
 
[Affectionate] But a good way to cure that loneliness is with a nice, loving hug! So what do you say? Would you like to be a good boy and give me a hug? I'd be stoked if you did. I think I might even give you a "reward" if you do!
 
*Short Pause*
 
[Teasing] Well I'm not going to tell you what the reward is until you hug me, silly. Where's the fun in telling you? 
 
[Flirty] I can promise you that you'll be SO excited to get it from me, though. 
 
*Very Short Pause*
 
[Soft] There we go. Didn't I tell you that a hug would be a nice way to deal with what you're going through right now? I feel so at peace with you. You're such a good boy for letting me enjoy this moment. I know this is about you, and about me trying to comfort you. But I can't help it if I'm overjoyed to hug you. You're such a sweet, good boy. It's my natural state to be obsessed with you. Why else do you think I keep a few strands of your hair inside my locket? It's because you're so precious and I love you. 
 
[Sudden Realization] Wait, remind me. I did ASK YOU for the strands of your hair before I took them for my necklace, right?
 
*Short Pause*
 
[Apologetic] Oh, I'm so sorry sweetie. I must have forgotten to ask. I didn't mean to overstep my boundaries... Again. Tell you what? I'll have to give you another, second reward later, ok? 
 
[Flirty] I'm sure I'll be able to think of something that'll bring you pleasure. 
 
[Excited] But we can think about that later. Since you're hugging me I still have to give you your first reward! Hold on, excuse me for a moment while I go get it from my bag. 
 
*Very Short Pause*
 
Ok! Here it is. Tada! I know it doesn't look like much. And well... That's because it's a key. But it's not just any key! It's the key to my house! 
 
[Affectionate] I figured this way you wouldn't have to worry about being so lonely any more. Any time you feel lonely you can just come over to my place, and use the key to get in. I'm figuring you're not going to want to come through my window, after all. Though I suppose if you did your hips wouldn't get stuck like mine. 
 
But I'm getting off track here. The point is I felt like this was a good way to comfort you and take care of your needs is all. And good company is a need just like hunger or thirst. And you're my huggable good boy so you know I'll always drop everything to take care of your needs. Any of them.
 
So any time you feel lonely and you want to talk or even just to be with me, feel free to come on over. It doesn't matter what time of day or night it is. You can come whenever you like. 2 AM. 3 AM. You name it. Even if I'm not awake I really don't mind. So for instance if you ever feel like you're just dying to cuddle someone, you can visit my place. You can walk right in, even if I'm asleep. And you can slip right on into my bed and cuddle me. I give you full consent. 
 
And my place isn't that far from you. It's walkable. I moved just so I could be next to you, after all. But even so if you want me to give you a ride just give me a call. Or a text if you prefer. I know calling can be anxiety-inducing sometimes. Whatever makes you more comfortable. I just want to comfort you and love you. Because there isn't anything in the world I love more than you. Since you're my wonderful good boy.
 
I love you so much. I know I say that a lot. But that's just because it's true! So I hope it's not a bother, when I say I love you so much. You don't think it's a bother, right? I'm probably just overthinking things a lot. You like it when I tell you I love you, don't you? I mean of course you do. You called me over here just because you wanted some attention, right? And there's nothing wrong with calling me over for attention, since I love giving it to you and I always love getting attention from you too! Well... I guess you didn't really call me over to visit I visited on my own initiative... But still... 
 
I guess what I'm trying to say is you're my good boy and I love you. I don't know why I'm making things so complicated. The truth is just that I love you, is all. I love you.
 
I think about you all the time. Whether I'm with you or whether I'm all alone, without you. And I'm without you much more often than I'd like. So it made me really glad to get your text, actually. It gave me an excuse to come visit you. And I always want to visit you.
 
[Still Affectionate. Slightly Anxious] I'm a bit afraid of coming across as too overbearing and pushing you away though. I think those fears might even be justified. I mean I made a copy of your key that one time. I don't know if that's why you changed your lock... But that's got to be overbearing of me, right? So I'm always afraid that you'll get sick and tired of me, you know?
 
But you're always telling me how lonely you are when I'm not around. It makes me feel... safe. It makes me feel secure. Like I don't have to worry about getting hurt by you leaving me. I'd hate that. I'd hate for you to leave me. I don't know what I'd do. But you'd never leave me, right? Because you're my good boy. And because you're lonely just like me. I'd never leave you either, of course. 
 
You're a permanent part of my life. I couldn't exist without you. I can only get out of bed because I think about how maybe I'll be able to see you today. I can only go to work thinking maybe I can use my next paycheck to buy you something nice. I just can't express how much I love you. 
 
[Trance-like] I love you. I love you. I love you. 
 
[Devoted] I could never let anything try to take you away from me. I think that's why I always tend to cling on to you. I know I always get so clingy. Whether grabbing on to your arm, or putting my arm around you or always holding on to your hand. It just makes me feel so secure, when I can cling on to you like that. The feeling of you against my hand or against my arm is a reminder that you're still here with me. It's a reminder that you're mine.
 
And I'm yours too of course, sweetie. I'm always here for my good boy. It's my pleasure to be able to help you. I just wish I could help you more.
 
When you texted me about how you were lonely I just felt so... I wish I could have been right next to you as soon as I got that text. I wish I could have just teleported to your side. Because if you're hurting from feeling lonely I don't want you to have to suffer that for a single second longer. You're too good for that. You're too much of a good boy to have to go through that. 
 
But you know... You don't have to suffer this alone. I know I gave you the key to my place so you could come over whenever you like... But it doesn't just have to stop there. If you'd like, you could move in with me. I think it would be a good environment there for you. It'll just be the two of us. There's no one else there to bother you. Other than me, but I'm not a bother, right sweetie? 
 
And I always keep the place super spotless and clean because I always want it to look the best for you. So I'm sure you'll find it a very welcoming experience. 
 
[Reserved] And if you'd like... As much as it pains me... Well I don't know just HOW close you want to be with me. But if it's too much for you to share a room with me, which I can understand by the way, you can have your own room all to yourself. I'd only enter when you let me. I love you and I want to be close to you. But I'm trying to respect you and not overstep your boundaries. See, sweetie? Aren't I treating a good boy like you just right?
 
[Excited] But if you want to share a room with me I'd be delighted! I've always dreamt of that. I've even had a big bed from the start just in case you ever wanted to share it with me. 
 
[Flirty] And you can share my bed with me. You're such a good boy so I have to treat you right, after all. And while I'm sharing my bed with you... Who knows what else I might want to share with you? I might even think of something I can give you for your "second reward" that I owe you. Doesn't that sound nice?
 
[Sweet] Well deciding if you want to move in with me or not is a big decision to make. Tell you what. I don't think you've ever had a thorough look at my place. How about for now I can take you to my place and I can give you a tour? Then we can go from there. 
 
[Flirty] And while we're there... Just the two of us with no one else around... You can tell me if there's anything you want for your second reward. Ask for whatever you like. You know I can never say no to you. 
 
[Sweet] Because you're my good boy.[START]

 Quietly talking to herself. sighs "Finally, home sweet home."

Sound of her closing the front door and pulling her boots off.

 Quietly to herself and sounding giddy. "Hubby is gonna be so excited that I got the latest 'Teenage-Something-Ninja-Cat-Girl' manga."

 "Huh...it's so quiet...honey!? I'm home!!"

Sound of her walking upstairs and opening a couple of doors as she checks from room to room.

 "Hey there you ar-Hey hey hey! what happened!?"

Sound of her quickly sprinting over to the listener and crouching down in front of them.

 "Hey! honey don't flinch away from me, it's me, your girlfriend!"

Sound of rustling as the listener once again flinches away from her.

 "W-What...happened? I've never seen you this upset before, please tell me."

 "No I won't get mad, I promise."

 "I mean it, I won't get mad no matter what you tell me."

 "Please? at this rate, I'm worried you might actually get a heart attack or something just as serious!"

 "Huh? yeah of course I remember, it was only last Christmas that my mom gifted me that vase."

 "...It...broke?"

 "So you accidentally knocked it over while I was gone?"

 "This is what got you soo upset, made you have a full-blown panic attack?"

 "Oh honey... it was a genuine mistake, I'm not gon-"

She gets cut off by the sound of the listener flinching further away from her.

 "Please honey, I only want to hug you, I can't stand seeing you so upset."

 "Y-You thought I was going to hit you?"

She releases a shocked and shakey sigh.

 "Listen...I know that we've only been dating for a half year now...a-and I don't know everything about your past, but I. Will. Never. Hit. You. Ever."

 "And if you ever happen to do and or say anything that will make me angry, sad, shocked, whatever, I'm not gonna hit you for any reason."

 "When you have concerns over something or something made upset you, what do you do?"

 "That's right! you talk to me! you calmly approach me and talk with me about it, no mean words, no shouting, no hitting."

 "It's something that has only made me fall more in love with you over time, and it's also the way that I like to solve problems or bring up concerns."

 "So please don't ever think I would hit you."

 "Your Ex? you never said much about them, not that I mind, but now that makes even more sense."

 "What? this went on throughout the entirety of it?"

 "I don't understand how someone can be so awful, hurt someone like you, someone who always means well."

Sound of cloth rustling as she hugs the listener, her voice is from here on really close and either on the listener's left or right side.

 "Shhh shhh I've got you, darling, I've got you."

Sounds of her stroking the listener's hair begin from here till the end.

 "I've got you and I'm not going to hurt you, neither am I going to let anyone else hurt you."

 "Oh yes, I've got you and I'm not letting go until you feel better."

She gives the listener a kiss.

 "I love you too."

 "Don't worry about the vase, I can just replace it, I can't replace you."

 "There is only one you, only one you that can make me swoon, laugh, and smile like that."

 "Only one you that I'm gonna marry."

 "Oh yes I will marry you, you can bet your sweet buns I will."

 "...Actually don't bet your buns, your sweet buns are only for me."

A minute of comfortable silence, only her breathing and the sounds of her still stroking the listener's hair being audible.

 "Feeling better? yeah? okay."

 "Now I got something that might cheer you up, something we'll both love."

 "Now let me just lean against the bedframe like this and then pull you on my lap..."

Cloth rustling as she pulls the listener on her lap.

 "...like that! giggle"

 "In the store, I was not just able to find cookies and such but also...the latest manga of 'Teenage-Something-Ninja-Cat-Girl'!!!!"

 "So now we can just read it together, with you all snug on my lap, in fact, I'm going to read it to you."

Her voice starts fading out as she starts reading to the listener.

 "Despite her archnemesis's attempts to thwart her plans, Silver Cat was to defeat him and send her back to prison, but now she has a new obstacle in her way...another book club meeting!!"

[END]Hey. Hey. Hee~yyy. Come here. I wanna pet you.
 
I know you're working but you can take a break, can't you?
 
Well, I wanna pet you, so you should stop and come here.
 
[sing song] Come ~onnnn~. I've got your favorite blanket!
 
Are you seriously not budging?
 
I'm not begging!
 
Fine I *am* begging, but is it really that bad?
 
Oh, when you do it it's super sweet and endearing but when I want it it's demeaning? What kind of logic is that?
 
Oh, you absolutely do. Every time you want pets you go all pouty and give me those big kitten eyes and say 'pwease pet me'.
 
You did that yesterday!
 
Come on, stop fighting it and just come here so I can love you.
 
*sigh* If you're not going to relent at least tell me what you're working on since it's *sooooo* much more important than getting scritchies.
 
Oh? So how does that work?
 
[gets up behind listener] 
 
Is it similar to what you were doing last week?
 
Oh, it's like a continuation of what you were doing; that's really cool!
 
*scritching SFX*
*scritching stops suddenly*
 
What? I'm not doing anything.
 
Come on, you've been working on this project all day, surely you should get tired at some point!
 
I know it's a passion project, but even passion has its limits doesn't it?
 
Okay, maybe not for you, but maybe you'll stop for me?
 
Come on, do it as a favor for me?
 
Pretty please?
 
What do you mean "why do I want it so badly"? It's 'cause you're fluffy! Your hair and fur are always so soft and I want to pet you. Isn't that enough?
 
How about this, I'll let you pet me!
 
You don't want to? Aw, but it's a fair exchange!
 
I do *not* benefit in both scenarios, I told you it's a fair exchange!
 
Fine, is there some way that I can get you to relent?
 
Come on, surely there's *some*thing that you want. I'll cook your favorite dinner~
 
Okay, I was planning on cooking that tonight anyway, but I'll make extra so you'll have some to take to work tomorrow!
 
Come on, kitten; just let me have this just this once.
 
Fine, it's not been once but a lot of times, but maybe just one more?
 
*scritching SFX*
 
See? You're pushing your head into my hands. You can't hide how much you love your scritchies, can you?
 
*scritching stops*
 
Aw, don't push my hands away. You showed me that you really wanted it. Don't know *why* you're being so grumpy today, but I see it as a challenge. Can I get kitty to let me love them?
 
Oh? You're shutting your computer down? Awesome! Now we can-- wait, where are you going?
 
To nap? But--but--you can nap here! I've got pillows and everything!
 
What do you mean "you want to nap alone". You *never* want to nap alone! How am I supposed to pet you if you won't snuggle up with me?
 
*scoffs* [quietly, to self] "Deal with it" oh I will. I'll just scowl and watch tv by myself. Hmmph.
 
****
 
*sigh* They've been gone a while, I wonder if they're avoiding me. Let's go see.
 
[calling out] Oh kitt~en! *pspsps* Oh kitt~en! Where are you? I know you're not hiding from me. Are you... in your room? 
 
Hmm, doesn't seem like they're here. Unless... They're in the... [opens the closet door expecting the listener to be there] *closet*!
 
Hmm, not there either. I wonder if they're in my room then.
 
Kitt~en! Where oh where are you kitt~en!
 
There you are! I've been looking all over for you!
 
Then why didn't you come to me? You know I still want to pet you, right?
 
Yea, and you still don't want to. I don't know *why*, usually you're the one that wants the attention.
 
How about this: I'll wrestle you for it.
 
I'm serious!
 
Come on, I'm not *that* much stronger than you.
 
Okay, I have been working out more recently, but that doesn't mean you aren't stronger than me! Besides, if there's anything you like more than scritches it's wrestling.
 
Okay, on 3. 1. 2. 
 
*grunts*
 
I didn't cheat! You should've known that I was going to start on 2.
 
*grunt*
 
*sigh* *heavy breathing* There. Got you. Pinned. Now I can-- wait... Are you... are you purring?
 
Do--do you like being pinned?
 
No answer? I think the answer to that is 'yes'!
 
Aw, don't deny it! It's cute! My lovey-dovey kitty friend likes it when I get on top of them~ Isn't that just the sweetest thing you've ever seen?
 
It's not embarrassing! It stays between us, okay? And now I have another way to play with you!
 
What's that? "Can I get my scritchies now"? Oh, but I thought you didn't want any scritchies! You've been telling me for the past hour that you didn't want any!
 
Oh, that suddenly changed! How convenient. Well, you know what? I don't want to anymore. Oh well.
 
Aww! Look at your face! You looked so crushed! I was just playing! Of course, I'll give you some pets, kitten. 
 
*scritching SFX* "How did you manage it? I need to know!"

 "THIS!! all of this right here!"

 "Look at me, I'm wearing an apron for hell's sake!!"

 "O-Oh thank you...I do look good in it don't I? that's why I'm wearing it..."

 "N-No WAIT YOU'RE DOING IT AGAIN!!!"

 "Don't look at me like that, you know exactly what I'm talking about."

 Growls. "I'm wearing an apron, I'm baking cookies right now for us...y-you...you turned me into your housewife!!"

 "I'M LUCIFER DAMMIT!!"

 "I'm Lucifer the leader of hell, the evilest being in existence!!!"

 "But then you come around with your...y-your sweet, sexy, kind ways and then...suddenly we were together and...I left hell for good...and then...we got married."

 "How did this even happen?"

 "Oh nonononono, I'm not saying I don't like it, I just don't understand how you managed this."

 "..."With my love for you" that is soo cheesy but also soo you, so cute you, c'mere!"

Sound of her peppering the listener's face with kisses.

 "Huh? oh yeah, I do smell something bur-MY COOKIES!!!"


 "So uh...nervous chuckle. I kinda burned that plate of cookies..."

 "The oven is fine, but the cookies are bad, even worst than angel food."

 "Oh yeah angel food is bad, anything they do up there is bad. shudders."

 "Yucky angels aside, that plate was my last batch of...four...so we have more than enough to eat still."

 "Yes I made four batches! I can't help myself okay, you're just so cute when you're eating my cookies, and then you-ugh. I could make cookies all day for you and your sweet cheeks."

 "See, this is what you've turned me into...a housewife."



 "Damm right I like it, I love the sound of it, your wife, it has an intoxicating ring to it~"

 "Not as intoxicating as you though~"

 "Oh? is that right? well you're in luck, I used my powers to make the bed capable of...withstanding your wild side, no more interruptions from the bed breaking."

 "Hmm? how my day was? pretty normal."

 "Yeah I went out this morning to buy some things from the store downtown, everything was fine till Veronica showed up."

 "I swear she's the densest woman out there, she still isn't picking up on the fact that A. we're not friends, and B. I DON'T WANNA HEAR HER BLOODY STORIES!!"

 "She just kept going on and on about her job and some Joe who I don't even know, but the worst thing is that she called me Lucy!! only you can only call me that..."

 "I know...I know, gotta leave that stress behind."

 "...I'm not sorry if I light her on fire the next time."

 "No I don't care, if I have to endure that again I'm setting her on fire."

 "Come on, let's grab some cookies and cuddle up on the bed, you can pick a movie, and later we can get...lusty~"

 Chuckles. "Of course I'm grabbing some beers as well."Why is she not awake yet? Did my minions let out too much sleeping smoke during our battle? What if she doesn' wake up?! What am I gonna do without my darling?!

Oh...! Oh, you're awake! Thank God, I was so worried about you. I almost panicked, to be honest. [Speaker laughs lightly]

Don't, don't try to move, dear. You won't be able to. The sleeping smoke my scientists created is quite strong, you see? You'll only be able to move completely after one hour or so.

Oh, please, don't look at me like that, darling! I promise I won't hurt you. I would never do that. Even when we fight, I never hurted you, did I? I'm always the one who gets beaten up. I'm not complaining, of course. [Speaker laughs]

(...)

Wow, you're already speaking! You're much more stronger than I thought you were. I'm impressed! You always surprise me in the most positive ways, darling!

Answering your question about what happened, we were in the middle of a fight when you noticed the smoke surrounding us. You thought I set fire to another bulding, like last time, but it was actually the sleeping smoke. And then you fainted. Don't worry, I caught you before you could reach the floor. And here we are! In my humble lair. Don't mind the mess, please.

(...)

What do I want? Well, that's a long story... for starters, look at my face. It's the first time you see me without my mask, right? At least, that's what you must be thinking, but it's not true. You saw my face two years ago, at the Heroe's Training Academy.

(...)

Of course you don't remenber me and I don't blame you. I wasn't as outspoken as I am right now.

Anyway, we were both students at the HTA, and since the first day of class, you caught my attention. With time, I fell completely in love with you. You were smart, honest, trustworthy and a really good person. You still are, of course.

I always saw you as someone who were too good to be here, in this rotted world, among these terrible people. A goddess! A light being, that was sended to protect and confort those who needed.

Life in the academy was horrible for me. I was one of the most weak students there, but I endured it all because of you. I can't count in my two hands how many times you fought those bullies to protect me and other students.

I promised myself that I would train until my body coudn't take it anymore, just so I could be a hero and enter the Hero's League with you. Of course, that is not what happend. You passed all the final tests, obviously, and I failed the last one. The psycologic test. I wonder why...

I was devasteded! How would I finally aproach you if I couldn't see you anymore?! How would I confess my undying love for you, if you would not be within my reach anymore? And then I figured out! What do heroes do? They fight villains and protect the city, so if I wanted to see you again I would need to be a villain! And so I turned into one of the most feared villains of this place! I did it all for you, my love!

(...)

No, I'm not sick! I just really, really, really love you! I would do anything for you!

(...)

Oh, the punches, slaps and kicks are nothing compared to the pleasure I feel every time I see you. And they were all coming from you, so I gladly accepteded.

(...)

Oh, God, of course I'm not a masochist! I only enjoy it when you're the one beating me up.

Please, don't give me that look, I'm starting to feel kinda self-conscious right now...

(...)

Well, yes. The fact that I'm in love with you is one of the reasons I took you with me, but... [The listener interrupts him]

(...)

I wouldn't say I kidnapped you, but if that is the word you want to use, no problem, my love.

As I was saying, the other reason why I... "kidnapped" you is because I know what is happening in the Heroe's League. I know they're mistreating you. Treating you like a burden, when you're the one who always fight the worst villains, and you're the one who always make sure to not hurt civilians or destroy the city during the battles. I know it all.

You look really surprised.

(...)

I'm not spying... yes, I am spying on you. There's no use in denying.

But I did it, because I wanted to make sure you were ok, and it turns out, you're not!

(...)

My love, of course I can help you! I have been preparing everything for months! I prepared this house, I prepared new clothes, a beautiful room, protection and even a new identity!

I know you were planning to escape the Heroe's League, but they discovered your plans and ruined everything! What is a shame, because I was really excited to see you in action. It was a really good plan too, I'm sorry you couldn't go through with it, dear.

When I saw what happended I decided that I would not just watch anymore, I would free you from them.

(...)

Darling, please, don't say that! I would never trap you like they did! I just took you... I mean, kidnapped you, so we could talk without their interference.

(...)

I know you don't trust me, and you're right. I have known you for two years, but you don't really know who I am. With time, as you get to know me, I hope you can warm up to me.

(...)

I'm... not letting you go. I'm sorry, but it's for your own good. If you at least had a safe place to go, I could take you there, I know you can take care of yourself, but you don't have a safe place. So, at least for now, you're going to stay here. I'm really sorry.

(...)

Please, don't cry, love. Please... everytime I see you sad like this my heart hurts. I don't want to see you cry, please.

You must hate me right now. But it's ok. I'm doing this for you, I'll keep you safe. You'll understand soon enough.

(...)

You're afraid for your family? Oh, i see. If you don't go back, they could hurt the people you love and care about.

Don't worry your pretty smart head about this! I have some of my men protecting your family 24/7, and they are very capable, if I say so myself. As I said, I prepared everything to help you.

(...)

Oh, thank God! You seem to be feeling better now. Thank you for calming down, my love.

Let me dry your tears.

How are you feeling? Is your body less heavy now? Can you try and move your hands for me?

(...)

Good, good! As I expected, nothing can stop you for long. Not even a super technologic sleeping smoke. [Speaker laughs lightly]

Gosh, I'm so proud of you. You're admirable.

(...)

Yes, of course I love you! I have loved you for years and I'll keep on loving you until I'm nothing but an old forgotten pile of bones. That's how much I love you. Till the end of times, till I...

(...)

Ok, ok, I'll stop! You're so cute when you blush!

(...)

[Speaker gasps]

You... you want me to lay down on the bed with you? Really? Oh, my Goddess, thank you so much!

[Bedsheet noises as the speaker lays down]

Can I do something more for you? Are you hungry? Or uncomfortable in any way? (...)

You feel tired? Well, I'm not surprised, you have gone through a lot lately. The effects of the smoke are wearing down, so you can relax and sleep if that's what you want. When you wake up, you'll be able to feel your full body and move again.

(...)

Of course I can give you headpats! Yes, and kisses too! Come here, I'm gonna cuddle you.

[Headpats sound starts here and can keep going till the end of the video]

[The following phrases can be whispered into the listener ears and the speaker can give the listener kisses between the phrases]

I love you, my darling.

I will protect you.

Nothing's gonna hurt you, baby.

Nothing's gonna take you away from me.

I will be always with you.

My goddess.

My light.

I'll kill them all for you.

They don't deserve to live in the same planet as you.

I'll make them regret what they did to you.

I'll do anything for you.Ugh that get together was shit.. why did [insert name] have to ruin it. I can't believe she was there. [Another person's name] probably invited her. We broke up years ago... And he invited her so that she could say she wanted me back???

(scoff) Bullshit.

She treated me like shit and fucking cheated. She probably wants me back now 'cause I'm successful and running my own company now. Gold-digger...

*annoyed/pissed sigh*

(car door sounds and then a house door sound)

*tired/worn out:

Hey babe....

No I'm fine.

Babe I said I'm fine. It's nothing.

I'm just feeling a bit... moody.. right now.

The get together?... It was alright I guess.

"What's wrong"??

Babe I already told you it's nothing.

Babe there's nothing to tell you. Please. I'm tired and I just got home, please just let me rest. I already ate with the guys, so I'm just gonna go straight to sleep. Goodnight. *





(YAAAAAAAAAWN)

(waking up sounds)

Mgghh.... what time is it?... It's 10 already- Man I slept in a lot...

(getting out of bed and opening door sounds and walking sounds if you want to be extra)

Babe?

(sniff sniff)

You prepared breakfast already?? Awesome what're we having?

[insert a breakfast of your choice, or what you actually had for breakfast.

!!if you haven't eaten breakfast, stop reading this script rn and go eat something and drink water. i'm dead serious]

Ahhh it smells so good!

*munching sounds and forks spoons whatever*

..What are you looking sly about?

Babe not this again-

I- Yeah I've rested now, but still. It's nothing you should worry about.

Babe, please just drop it.

(sigh)

Well I'm gonna go get ready for work.

[whatever length of a pause you want]

Alright I'm off to work. Come here.

(small stip steps)

(small kiss) Thanks for breakfast. See you later babe.


(door sounds)

(long tired sigh/exhale)

Babe I'm home.

Yeah I had to come home a bit later than usual, sorry. One of the guys just didn't show up and apparently he actually had a bunch of shit he didn't do, piled up. So yeah, definitely firing him.

(yawn) Man that was a long day. I'm gonna go get-

*hesitant/nervous

Hm? You want to talk about something?

Er.. Okay. *

*Realisation and then sounding stern

Wait- Is it about-

Babe. This is the last. time. I already told you it's nothing to worry about. *

(short pause)

Wait- You-

*shocked

You what?! You reached out to one of the guys from yesterday to ask what happened?? Babe! *

(irritated sigh)

*a bit nervous/panicked :

Well how much did he tell you?!

(short pause)

Even about [the ex's name]??!!*

Ugh, that idiot- *

*back to irritated

"Why didn't I tell you"??

*angry tone like "do you hear yourself right now?" and the voice is rising

"Why didn't I tell you??"*

*a cold chilling tone

If I wanted you to fucking know,

I would have fucking. told. you.*

*irritated

So what if I never told you I had an ex?*

{practically yelling

SO WHAT IF THAT'S WHY I'VE BEEN ACTING DISTANT? } *

*irritated

I can't believe you- *

..

*shocked

What?. *

*disbelief

If I still like her?? *

*snapped

AND WHAT IF I DO-

WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO ABOUT IT?*

*realisation and regret

Wait- Wait no! That's not what-!

(running away footsteps and door slam)

Fuck. *

I think... we both need time to cool off a bit...

(yk the drill, door sounds car driving away, but make it quick cause you come back right away)

(house door opening/closing)

*Nervous/hesitant

Babe, can we talk-*

*confused

Where?....*

(footsteps)

*A little worried

Babe are you still in the bathroom???...*

*more worried and progressively getting more and MORE worried

Wait- are you- Are you crying??

Babe!

Have you been crying in the bathroom for almost an hour???

(knocking on the door)

Babe!! Please open the door!

Babe!

Please don't lock yourself up in there! It's been an hour!

Babe please come out!

Crying for an hour isn't good! You might pass out! Please! *

{any time you want, start the water-works, the voice cracking, like you're on the verge of crying, hiccuping, sobbing, stuttering, sniffing, yk. the usual}

*desperate

Please! Let me apologise to your face!

Babe, I'm begging you! You can hate me all you want, just please come out here!

I- I'll tell you all about my ex, I'll do all the chores for a week! A month! Please, I'll do anything you want, just please!.. *

*really desperate/practically crying

Please come out babe!*

(lock clicking and door opening)

*relief

Babe! Come here-*

(hugging sounds??)

*sobbing

I'm so sorry..

I'm sorry for leaving you alone here to cry for an hour.

I'm sorry for- *crying sound* for being distant lately,

and- and I'm sorry for not telling you about my ex,

*hiccup/sob/sniff* and I'm sorry for treating you like that earlier.

You didn't deserve any of that.

I'm so so sorry. Please forgive me.

*a couple more crying sobbing sounds*

Hm?

*genuine shock/disbelief

What?! No! Of course I don't love her anymore. No! I only love you! I- I was just so upset, and- and I didn't know what I was saying! I'm so sorry I made you feel that way, and that I was being such a jerk, yelling at you like that! I'm sorry babe, please forgive me.

{starting to cry and hiccup less}

*gentle

Here babe, let me carry you to the couch so we're not sitting in the middle of the hall.*

(the sound of slow footsteps and then a thud like you landed on something. or a creak. however you imagine couches to sound)

(relaxing sigh)

{the voice should sound more gentle, slow, and raspy from now on, from crying and begging a lot}

Are you comfortable laying down on me like this?

Alright.. So then I guess I should probably explain myself.

*sigh*

Sooo... [ex's name] was my ex, as you probably know now, and we broke up [insert however many years ago you want, or don't] years ago. We broke up because...

I caught her. Cheating on me.

Yeah. And yesterday, during our get together,

she was there. [the dude's name] invited her, so that she could tell me she wants me back.

I was just. so pissed at both of them. Him for inviting her, and at her because she had the audacity to come back to me after cheating like that. Me and all the rest of my friends knew she just wanted me for money.

I was so pissed yesterday that I just didn't want to talk about it at all. I never told you about her because I just really wanted to bury her in the back of my mind where I forget about everything.

I wanted to pretend she never existed. And I don't want her knowing about you either because she's crazy. She wants money so bad that she'd do really dark messed up things to you if she ever knew about you.

The more I thought about the different terrible things that could happen if she ever found out about you.. The more scared I got. And I ended up lashing out on you.

*really apologetic

The last person I'd ever want to yell at... I'm so sorry babe.*

You.. forgive me?...

*affectionate/relieved sigh*

I won't ever do anything like this again to you. I promise. I'll buy you anything you want tomorrow. Just name it babe, I have a whole day off.

Wh- no?..

"Just spend time together"?..

*if a smile had a sound, make that sound*

Alright babe.

*kiss*

I love you.Shhhh– shh sh sh, quiet. You don’t want to wake up your brother, do you?

Yeah, yeah, I know– I’m covering your mouth again. I don’t really know the parameters of this curse yet, so better safe than sorry.

Come to think of it, though, you didn’t even try to scream for help back at the theater. Sure, it would’ve been muffled, but you could’ve gotten lucky. Someone passing the door at just the right time and bam, I’m interrupted mid-meal.

I guess you could just be one of the quiet ones. I get those sometimes. Anyone who tries to paint all of humanity with the same brush is a fucking liar– humans react to danger in different ways. Some of you just. . . shut down. Stop being able to speak.

I don’t think that’s really you, though. This is part of the curse too, isn’t it? You can’t tell anyone about the curse, and you can’t intentionally put anyone in a situation where they’ll find out. That includes calling for help when you’re about to get messily devoured.

Makes sense. I know my first move if I couldn’t tell anyone about this kind of thing would be inviting them over and jumping off the fucking roof. No way whoever crafted this thing wouldn’t consider that.

[pause]

Did you just lick my hand?

Eugh. What’s the matter with you? I’m not uncovering your mouth just because you’re acting like a child.

That doesn’t mean you should do it again, fuck! You’re being so gross right now!

Alright, that’s it. I was going to chat a bit more before helping myself to a midnight snack, but you’re forcing the issue. Chin up, babe.

Mh. That’s such a good look on you. Throat bared, completely at my mercy. . . plus, I get to really take my time with you tonight. I don’t have to rush like last time.

[Sniff]

And you still smell absolutely fucking decadent. It’s stronger in here, too. In your room, in your bed. . . everything smells like you. I’m drowning in it.

[Kiss]

Aw, did you just flinch? Relax, babe, I’m not biting yet. I’m enjoying myself first.

[Kiss]

[Kiss]

It takes so much self control to do this. Not as much as kissing on the mouth of course– the lips have some of the thinnest skin of the whole human body. You can practically taste the blood through them, and knowing all it would take is one–

[Kiss]

Tiny–

[Kiss]

Nick–

[Kiss]

With your fangs. . . it’s more than a lot of vampires can handle.

[Kiss]

The blood flow’s so much stronger here, though. There’s a reason the neck is such a popular place to bite. Jugular, carotid, subclavian if you go down far enough– so many veins and arteries to choose from.

[Sniff]

[Kiss]

I can feel them against my lips. Against my tongue. Thrumming with your pulse. Can you feel that? Feel your heart in your throat?

Ba-bump. Ba-bump.

It makes my teeth itch.

[Kiss]

Alright. Brace yourself, babe. Or don’t. I don’t really care either way.

[Bite]

[Drinking sounds]

. . .huh.

No screaming. No cursing. No sounds of pain.

Guess it really wasn’t a fluke, then. You can’t cry out, even involuntarily. That’s gonna come in real handy.

Ah ah– nope, stay down. I’m not done yet. Why would I stop so soon? You’ve got plenty of blood left.

[Drinking sounds]

Mm. You’re a fucking masterpiece. I gotta figure out who cursed your ass and thank them.

[Drinking sounds]

Fuck.

[Drinking sounds]

Oh, there it is. . . you’re right on the edge. I could stop now and you’d live. You’d feel like shit in the morning, but you’d live.

I think that might actually be crueler. Forcing you to stumble through the day weak and dizzy, unable to tell anyone why you’re so–

Hm.

Would you be able to tell anyone?

If I bite you and don’t kill you, that doesn’t trip your curse. You might actually be able to tell people about me.

Guess I don’t have much of a choice. Not that I was actually gonna pass up draining you again, but still. That could’ve been bad.

Ah, whatever. I can do some experimenting later. Preferably when your brother isn’t two doors down if something goes wrong. Talk about a compromising position for him to walk in on, right?

Relax. I’m teasing. I know this is about as sexy to you as getting hit by a car.

Probably only a little less painful too.

Besides, you’re not really my type. Blood type, hell yeah, but I’ve seen you dead on the floor of a broom closet. Hard to find a worse mood-killer.

[Sigh]

Okay, I’m gonna finish you off now. It’s cute watching you struggle to breathe, but it’s no fun if you actually pass out on me.

I wonder how long you’ll last this time. . .

[Drinking sounds]

[Sigh]

There it is. The cold embrace of death.

Metaphorically. You’re still pretty warm. Might stay that way for a while with all these blankets.

And you’re no less freaky to look at this time around, by the way. All. . . slack-jawed and vacant. The bite’s nice to look at, though. Kinda wish that could scar.

Of course, that would give me away too, so I guess I’ll just have to keep opening you up if I want this view.

[Sound of shifting fabric]

You don’t mind if I make myself comfortable, right?

You’re such a sweetheart.

Literally, I bet your heart tastes fucking sweet. I’d be shocked if you’ve never had something rip it out of your chest and eat it right in front of you.

. . .I wonder if you can hear me right now.

Probably not, right? You’re dead. It’s probably like being asleep. You can’t hear me or do much of anything except lie there.

Which makes me wonder what it is that wakes you up, Sleeping Beauty. Is there a time limit? Do you spring back to life if some human stumbles on your body? If your brother walked in right now, would you be breathing by the time he opened the door?

I’ve got a theory, you know.

About why you were in that broom closet.

I wasn’t your first that night, was I? It was so convenient that you were already tucked away in a little hiding place, but that must’ve been the point. Some other monster did you in and hid the evidence. You came back, I sniffed you out, and the rest is history.

You’re lucky I’m not the jealous type, babe. Otherwise I might be upset that you’re getting devoured by other people.

[Laughter]

I’m so lucky you’re not alive to hear that joke. You’d kick me again for sure.

Or throw a book at me, maybe. I don’t see any nearby, though. I’ll have to make sure I never mess with you in a library unless I feel like getting buried under a mountain of encyclopedias. Good thing you can’t kill a vampire with a hardback edition.

You know, I could stay here all night. I kind of want to. It smells great in here, and I’m all warm and full. I just wanna curl up and sleep you off.

But I have to get back to your brother’s room. He’ll worry if he wakes up and sees I’m gone. He’s sweet like that.

Hell, I don’t need to tell you that. You know what he’s like.

[Sound of shifting fabric]

[Yawn]

Fuck I’m tired. Too many day hangs with your brother. Maybe I should just commit to being diurnal at this point. The sun takes it out of me but it’s better than trying to pull a night and day shift.

Besides. I’ve got a good, steady source of food now. Should help me keep my energy up.

[Footsteps]

[Door opening]

[Pause]

. . .goodnight. Hope whatever limbo you’re drifting in is at least something close to a sweet dream.

[Door closing]

[Receding footsteps][Gentle tapping on door] 
 
Babe, uh… can I come inside? I’ve brought some things for you.
 
[Door opening, speaker walks in]
 
Hey sweetheart, how are you feeling? Better, I hope. The windows are open and you’re getting some fresh air and sunlight, so that should be helping you feel better too. 
 
You’re still tired? Hmm… let me check you up a bit. Well, on the contrary, you certainly look a bit better compared to the past few days. At least from my perspective, I can tell that a significant amount of color has returned to your face. Your eyes have a bit more spark to them too, and that’s a good sign.
 
Hm? This? Oh, just a few things I’ve concocted for you. Sorry, I’m kind of doing a balancing act with these plates right now. (Slight chuckle). This is a mug with green tea and that wildflower honey you like, and here’s a toast with soft scrambled eggs, avocado and a pinch of salt. I thought you should have a breakfast that’s still nutritious, but a bit easier on your stomach. The, uh… the avocado is even carved into that weird-ass rose that influencers like to do. (Soft giggle). Well, if you can even call it a rose — I fear my slicing skills aren’t chef-grade yet.
 
(Sweetly) Aw.. you really mean it? Thank you, sweetie. You know how much I love doing this for you. Don’t strain your voice though now, I’m sure your throat is still quite sore.
 
[Slight noise of a cup and plate being set down somewhere, brief humming]
 
(Remorse) You know, it… (Sigh) It gets pretty desolate around the house when you’re cramped up in here. Your voice isn’t there to fill up the halls, and I don’t see your beautiful face nearly as much as I should. Hopefully you’ll be back on your feet soon, and we can go back to our couch cuddle sessions and date nights. 
 
(Determination) I promise that first thing you’re better, I’ll whisk you away to this cute new clothing store that opened up a couple of blocks away!
 
But that’ll all happen in its due time. I have to focus on you, first. You’ve been drinking all your water, correct? Oh, you already drank all of it? Okay, then would you like me to bring you more? 
 
Oh, you just.. want to take a nap. 
 
(Concern) Are you sure that’s alright? You haven't eaten yet. Well, at least let me check your temperature first. Let’s see here… Alright, just open your mouth for a sec…
 
Babe, I know that you’re doing better, but I need to make sure.
 
Alright, this goes under your tongue, and...
 
[Optional: thermometer beep]
 
Hmm… 100.7 degrees — that’s still a bit high. 
 
(Sigh) I know, love, it’s annoying. We’ve been working on the fever for quite a bit. It seems to be slowly dying down though, which is a good thing, but you still need to keep hydrated and at a stable body temperature. All these blankets, as cute as they look on you, may not be too beneficial for a fever like yours.
 
Oh jeez, that cough, too.
 
Tell you what, just set a couple of blankets aside and I’ll go bring you some more water and medicine. Do you need anything else? Are you absolutely sure? Alright then, excuse me for a moment.
 
[Blankets rustling]
 
Here we go. I brought this cloth soaked in warm water to clean your face. Take the blankets off your face for a bit, hun.
 
(Slightly exasperated) Yes, I know you want to sleep, and you will, but I have to do this first. Just let me take care of you, please, babe?
 
Thank you. I’m just going to gently wipe your forehead—
 
Yes, I know the cloth is wet; it’s supposed to be. It’s alright, I’m finished anyway. Now, please don’t kill me for this, but…
 
[Liquid shaking in a bottle]
 
I need to give you some of this prescription medicine to ease your fever. If you’re going to sleep, I need to make sure that your body helps to fight it off quickly, and it'll help you rest better too. I get that it tastes horrendous, but we don’t want to risk anyth-
 
You don't want to? No, you’re taking it and that’s final.
 
(Surprised) What? What are you talking about? I’m… overreacting?
 
(Frustration/Hurt) I’m overreacting? How the hell can I be overreacting? Do you expect me — your boyfriend who loves you very, very much might I add — to just sit here idly and watch as you suffer in silence? And do nothing about it? All these days, you’ve seen me keep cool and composed, but to be quite frank with you, I’m worried out of my mind. I’m really only trying to care for you. The way you were perfectly fine just a few days ago too… it pains me to think about. Ever since you’ve gotten this ill, I just don’t feel the same.
 
(Emotional) It… sounds crazy, but sometimes I hum the songs you used to sing just to get some kind of feeling of you still by my side. I really want you to feel better soon enough, and I want things to get back to the way they are. I love you so, so much, and it just kills me to see you lying in bed all feeble like this. If I were ever granted the ability to bring you back to normalcy with a simple snap of my fingers, I’d take it in a heartbeat. But I’m only a guy with simple emotions, and those, unfortunately… tend to get in the way.
 
(Sigh) No, no, sweetie, hun, you don’t need to apologize at all. This is my mess, my emotions, and I should’ve dealt with them in a better manner. I can see how I might’ve come across as overbearing, too. I should be the one apologizing to you right now, and I’m sorry.
 
I... shouldn’t be apologizing either? Baby, regardless, I was in the wrong, and...(sigh) come here.
 
[Blankets rustling, they share an embrace]
 
I should’ve just talked to you calmly about what I was feeling, but I thought that I couldn’t trouble you with further dilemmas when you’re already sick.
 
I suppose you're right. We need to rely on each other and communicate about things like these.
 
But I still appreciate you being able to put up with me through all of this. (Chuckle). I love you to pieces, you know that, right? I just want you to be safe and healthy so we can continue making wonderful memories, and just... being together.
 
[Either a gentle kiss or the speaker sighs in content]
 
I’ll always be here for you, love. Now rest.Oh, hello! How can I help you?
 
Ah, you’re a member of the Noirvale family. In that case, you must be here to pick up those writing supplies. Is that correct?
 
Wonderful. Let me take a look at the manifest.
 
Oh, my! There’s quite a bit here. If… If you don’t mind me asking, what is all of this for? Perhaps I could recommend some of our other products to help?
 
Ah, I see. Yes, I have heard that the Noirvales have fallen on hard times. I must say, it speaks volumes of your family’s character that you haven’t let that trickle down to us ordinary folk. So, this is all to help you reorganize your financial records to see if you can find wasted expenses?
 
Well, that’s quite sensible. If there’s anything we can do to help, please do let us know. Although, in the meantime… I may have to ask for your help, first.
 
Oh no, nothing like that. We’re just a bit short-staffed at the moment, and I have trouble with some of the heavier boxes. Could I ask your servants to carry them out to the carriage?
 
…Ah, I see. You have none to spare. That makes sense, with your financial troubles. Well then, I hate to ask a noble, but could you help me with them?
 
Thank you, that’s so generous. Please follow me into the back.
 
(Door Closes)
 
(Sudden Struggle)
 
(Returning to Normal Voice)
 
Stay quiet. I’ll knock you out if I have to.
 
Ah, you recognize me just by the sound of my voice, then? I must have made quite the impression on you. I suppose that was bound to happen. You don’t easily forget the voice of someone who held a knife to your throat. I’m glad I decided to disguise it.
 
(Ruffling)
 
What do you think of the disguise? I guess it was good enough to fool you. 
 
(Chuckles)
 
Oh please, it’s not even my best work. One time I had to disguise myself as a literal child. Now THAT one was a challenge.
 
As for why I’m here posing as a storekeeper… Well, there are a few reasons.
 
The first reason is that I wanted to let you know that I’m still keeping an eye on you. You’ve done well not to tell anyone about our meeting, but you’re starting to get a little… bold with your questions about the Blancmont family.
 
Never forget, you mustn’t let anyone realize that you and I are affiliated. Not unless you join the Blancmonts.
 
(Chuckles)
 
Well, of COURSE I could have just snuck into your room again to talk to you about this, if I were some rank amateur. Any decent assassin won’t ever use the same approach twice. It’s a good way to get caught. I doubt you would set any kind of trap for me - and I REALLY doubt that any trap you set would actually catch me - but there’s no reason for me to be careless.
 
Hm? I… No. I’m afraid I haven’t had much luck in finding some other arrangement. I’ve pursued many possibilities, but I keep arriving at the conclusion that, so long as you remain a part of the Noirvale family, you will be a threat to the Blancmonts.
 
It’s quite the conundrum. Sometimes I wish that you weren’t so competent, but then I realize that if that were the case I likely wouldn’t have fallen for you in the first place. And as easy as it would have made things for me… I can’t say that I regret falling in love with you. For the longest time, the only thing in my life was my career as an assassin. It feels… liberating to have another goal, now. Something else to turn my attention to.
 
I haven’t given up yet, of course. If at all possible, I want to find a way to make this work for the both of us. Kidnapping you doesn’t strike me as a very good way to begin a relationship.
 
Speaking of which… I was thinking that perhaps I didn’t give you the best impression of me last time.
 
I… Yes, the death threat was the main issue. It was an empty threat, but I imagine that provides little comfort, doesn’t it? I made you feel unsafe in your own home, your own bedroom. That’s the sort of thing that can stay with a person, and though I don’t see how else I could have done it, I regret it nonetheless.
 
But aside from threatening you, I feel that I’ve only presented one side of me to you - my professional side.
 
I just want you to know that while I am an assassin, I’m not JUST an assassin. I have other aspects to my personality.
 
I’ll confess, even at the best of times, I’m not always especially… expressive. When you make a living by killing, you start to feel a bit numb to things. But still, I do like to laugh from time to time, and I have my own pastimes. 
 
So, although I’m still looking for solutions, I would like to have the chance to show you a slightly more personable side of me. Perhaps if I can successfully woo you, you’ll decide to come over to my side willingly. That would solve everyone’s problems all at once.
 
(Clears Throat)
 
Y-Yes, I suppose I am. I’m asking you out on a date. I’m fairly confident that if I am given the opportunity to show you what I can bring to a relationship, you’ll find yourself drawn to me, as I am to you.
 
So, this is what I was thinking. A week from tomorrow, after the sixth bell has rung, we’ll meet in front of the local tavern. I’ll be in disguise, obviously - it wouldn’t do for you to be seen with a Blancmont. When I see you, I’ll approach you and say “You’re neither early, nor late.” That’s how you’ll know it’s me.
 
We can get a drink and a bite to eat, and then I will take you out to a play. I quite enjoy theater, and I’ve selected one of my favorites. After that… well, we can keep it a surprise.
 
What do you think? I can’t exactly threaten you into agreeing to this - it would defeat the purpose of endearing myself to you. All I can do to convince you is to promise you an enjoyable evening.
 
I suppose if you need incentive, you could consider it to be a chance to woo me back. I don't find it likely, but perhaps you could convince me you're worth abandoning the Blancmonts after all.
 
Oh, so you don't need convincing, do you? Well… that's quite flattering. In that case, thank you for giving me a chance.
 
(Chuckles)
 
I feel a little bit silly. I'm supposed to be a hardened killer, but I feel just a bit… giddy that you agreed to a date.
 
Maybe it's because it's new territory for me. I've been in relationships before, but only ever as part of a cover, usually to extract information or get close to someone. So while I'm not inexperienced, this will be my first "real" date.
 
I suppose I'll really have to put my heart into this one. I've always done just enough to be appealing to my dates. Trying to go above and beyond for someone, that's going to feel strange.
 
Oh, well that's sweet. It makes me happy that you feel excited as well. I must say, I wasn't expecting you to be quite so… amiable after last time. I mostly just pushed my feelings onto you and made it your problem.
 
True, I did spare your life. But that's rarely considered a noble thing. I've spared a small number of people, or at least tried to, but they have always responded by attacking me or trying to expose me. I'm very grateful that you're different.
 
Well then, it seems that we'll be seeing each other again very soon. I have to leave very soon, I'm afraid. The store owner will be back from the errand I tricked him into in a few minutes. When he gets back, I'll need to be gone, or he'll have some questions for me best left unanswered.
 
Ah, right. The boxes. Sorry, I don't have time to help with those. You can wait for the owner, if you like.
 
But just before I go… just keep an eye out. You were very vulnerable today. Once again, you were fortunate that I don't wish you harm. You're a noble - I may not be the only assassin you ever encounter. I couldn't stand the thought of you being killed.
 
For now, try not to be alone with strangers. If you really can't spare servants, then find a friend or family member to stick with you.
 
Take care. I can't wait for our date.And– time.

[Sound of pen on paper]

Twelve minutes and fifty-six seconds. Same as last time. I think the twelve fifty-seven might’ve been down to user error on the stopwatch, but we should check a few more times just to be sure. The larger the sample size the more likely it isn’t a fluke.

You’ve been timing your day-to-day deaths too, right? It seems like those usually last longer, which I’m guessing is due to your curse trying to keep itself as secret as possible. Otherwise every man-eater in a hundred mile radius would know about you by now. You gotta wonder about the motivation there, though– most of us would just take advantage of the situation, case in point, so if the idea is to maximize the number of times you get offed it seems counterproductive to keep it from happening. What do you think?

Still can’t talk, huh. Okay, blink once if it’s the Tied Tongue and twice if you need some water.

Water. Figures. I drained you pretty thoroughly there.

[Sounds of motion and a glass being poured]

Alright, here you go. Chin up. Small sips, babe, that’s right. Good job.

[Laughter]

You ever just stop and think about how weird this whole thing is? We’ve got the scientific rigor of an eighth grader making a baking soda volcano, but with so much more murder. Maybe I should start giving you a gold star every time you sputter back to life. No, wait, you should give me gold stars. I’m the one taking notes.

[sound of glass being refilled]

Here. Think you can hold it on your own yet, or are your hands still too shaky?

Don’t strain yourself. I don’t mind helping you with your drink. You helped me with mine, after all.

[laughter]

Ouch. First thing you manage to get out is an insult. Prickly as always.

Hey, now that you’re talking again, I was wondering– are you always this messed up when you come to? You are with me, but. . . what about the longer stints of croaking?

Wait, wait, hang on. Let me get my notebook back out.

[Sound of flipping pages]

Okay. So. Let’s stick with draining deaths for now, just for the sake of keeping the variables the same. Back in the dark times before you met the world’s best lab partner vampire, how’d you feel when you clawed your way back to the world of the living?

[Sound of pen on paper]

Uhuh.

Right.

Well, it’s anecdotal, but. . . it seems like maybe the longer you spend dead, the more your body fixes itself up? I wonder if you’re even all the way healed right now. This might just be the bare minimum of functionality. It’d explain why you feel like shit.

[laughter]

Okay, yeah, having every drop of blood drained out of your body would also explain it, sure. I can’t help it if I’m thorough. You just taste so fucking good.

Mh. Kinda wanna go in for round two. . .

[Thump]

Jesus! I wasn’t serious! You need to stop throwing things, it’s getting to the point I feel nervous anytime I hand you something fragile.

Oh, by the way. Your brother texted while you were out. He was wondering what you wanted from Ambrosia, so I told him to get the number six.

What? What’s that look for?

I unlocked your phone with your cold dead fingerprint and remembered what you ordered last time I was over during dinner. It’s not rocket science.

I wasn’t gonna let him worry about you not answering when it was something I could handle. What, would you prefer I left him on read?

Thought so. Anyway, I wouldn’t have done it if he was asking something personal. I’m not stupid. And I’m not your secretary, so I’m not gonna be fielding texts from everyone. I was just, y’know. Looking out for my friend.

Anyway. Our sample size here is still pretty small, but the timing seems to be coming out fairly consistent. I wish I could get you in an actual lab sometime, get a look under the hood. . .

No shit I like this stuff. I wouldn’t have started trying to figure it out if I didn’t. You’re a puzzle, babe, and I’m gonna take you apart piece by piece.

Okay, bad metaphor. My point stands. The place where biology and magic intersect is interesting. I could probably study it until the sun burns out and never have a boring moment.

. . .I can’t. The bioalchemy major is, uh. Well. Let’s just say they make you send in blood samples with your application. No monsters allowed in that field.

[Wry, sad laughter]

Well, it’s a pain in the ass to process that kind of thing. They can’t do it for everyone. Maybe someday if they come up with a cheaper, quicker test I’ll get kicked out of academia entirely. Hell, when you humans finally hit that breakthrough you’ll probably succeed in your long-term goal of wiping all us creepy-crawlies out.

I mean, I get it. It’s not like anyone mourned for smallpox. I’ve chewed my way through a solid chunk of humanity; I know how this is gonna end. Fun ride while it lasts, though.

Anyway. You have a dinner to get to. Can you stand okay yet? Maybe have another glass of water before you go, I don’t want you to pass out on the way home and get picked up like takeout.

Quit looking at me like that. That’s all the vampiric brooding you’re gonna get for now. I don’t wallow, babe. Live fast, die young and all that.

Or, in your case, live at a regular pace, occasionally interrupted by inconvenient fits of death. But that’s less catchy, so I think I’ll stick with being a well-fed monster who will one day reap what’s been sewn.

Come on, I’ll walk you to the door. I should really start stocking juice boxes or something. Might help you bounce back a little faster.

I’d ask you to say hi to your brother for me, but that’s got disaster written all over it, so I guess I’ll just tell you to have fun at dinner.

Oh, and leave your window unlocked tomorrow night. Unless you want me snapping the lock again.

[laughter]

Hey, I gotta keep you on your toes! It’s no fun if I can’t scare you.

Night, babe. Have a safe walk.[Late night ambiance]

[the sounds of something crashing through the bushes]

“Ugh! Son of a– Die already!”

[the sound of metal clashing with metal]

“What kind of vampire is this?! Much more powerful than I expected, and it doesn’t even seem sentient- augh!”

[he gets slammed into the ground]

[sounds of a struggle]

“Hey- g-get off me! Gh- I-I can’t-!”

“Aw sh*t sh*t sh*t– I gotta think of something… I can’t get to my weapons while I’m holding off this thing– they can’t even be reasoned with, these vampires!”

“Get… Off me!!!!”

[you burst through the underbrush, tackling the other vampire off of him.]

“Gah!”

[the other vampire runs away through the woods, leaving the two of you alone.]

“Hahh… hahh… th-thank you… I– I thought I was gonna–”

[pause]

“... You.”

“What are you doing here?!”

[pause]

“Well I got some reports of abnormally strong vampires gathering in the area, so I came over to check it out. As far as I’m concerned one of yours is responsible, and you being here doesn’t really help your case.”

[pause]

“Wha– I’m not injured!”

[pause]

“Well clearly your sense of smell has gone bad, because whatever blood you smell isn’t mine!”

[longer pause]

“.... ugh… okay, fine. Yes, I’m injured from the earlier fight, but what are you going to do about it? Try to take me down? Right here? It isn’t so bad that I can’t fight!”

[pause]

“Okay yes it’s bleeding a lot, but as long as I put pressure on it, I’ll be fine. I can still take you on!”

[pause]

“... Huh? You’re injured too?”

[pause]

“You fought one of those vampires too?”

“But aren’t they your kind? Shouldn’t you be… working together or something?”

“And how do I know you aren’t lying to me?!”

[pause]

“Oh. Oh wow. I… I don’t think I’ve ever seen a wound that big on you… and I’ve been trying to hunt you down for years.”

[pause]

“Yeah… I guess I know your methods well enough to know you wouldn’t do something so stupid to try and get close to me.”

[pause]

“Ugh, fine. Neither of us are in the best condition to fight right now. So… I guess we can call it a… temporary truce.”

“But if those vampires aren’t your… underlings, and you aren’t why they’re gathering here, then why were you here in the first place?”

“And why did you save me? Wouldn’t it have been convenient for you if I’d been killed by that thing?”

[pause]

“... No one gets to kill me except you?”

[he laughs]

“Ah… to think that I turned down help from my fellow hunters because of the exact same reason…”

[long pause]

“So… you’re saying these vampires have been affected by a… mysterious virus?”

“They’ve all gone… feral? Attacking anything that moves?”

[pause]

“Man… I can see why you’d want to stop them now.”

“Then why are you here of all places?”

[pause]

“So you got the same intel as I did.”

[pause]

“Ugh… it looks like this situation is bigger than the Hunter’s Guild thought…”

[pause]

“Huh? H-Hey, what’s going on?! Are you okay?”

[Pause]

“Oh don’t pull that crap now! Like I said, I’m gonna be the one who takes you down in a fair fight, not some– not some other vampire! So you’d better not die, you hear me?!”

“Oh god that looks really bad– uh– does human medicine work on vampires?”

“No, they have the opposite effect, dammit I should have remembered that! I’ve been hunting you for years!”

[pause]

“H-Hey, don’t pass out on me now!”

“I still– I still need to– I still need to use you in order to get these aggressive vampires under control! Th-That’s it! And don’t forget that I still have to be the one to finally take you down!”

“Think, think! Agh, I’ve never helped a vampire before, I don’t know how to! They didn’t cover this during training!”

[pause]

“M-My blood?!”

[pause]

“Hey! N-No way I’m falling for that! Y-you’re just gonna drain me if I let you f-feed from me!”

[pause]

“You… you don’t have to drink from my neck?”

[pause]

“... Oh… I was so panicked that I forgot about my own wound…”

[pause]

“Wh- I– I wasn’t scared for you!”

[pause]

“Okay, okay. I– I’ll remove my hand… and you can… lick the blood off of my hand.”

“But I swear, if you try anything… I still have access to my knife.”

[pause]

“Again, I want to kill you in a fair fight. And you’re clearly weakened.”

“It wouldn’t be right for me to stab you in the back right now.”

[pause]

“Okay… I’m– I’m taking my hand off my wound.”

[rustle]

“Ugh… god that hurts…”

[he offers his hand to you]

“Both my hands are gonna be covered in blood now, so hurry up.”

[long pause as you lap up some of his blood. Your wounds heal quickly]

“Whoa… I know I’ve seen vampires heal before, but I didn’t know that just a little blood in your system would remedy a wound that severe so quickly…”

[pause]

“S-Sweet?! M–My blood tastes sweet to you?!”

[pause]

“I-I’m not blushing! I’m only doing this so… so that you owe me one!”

[pause]

“Working together… I guess since this is a problem affecting both of us, we’ll have to…”

“You have intel that I need, and I have intel you need.”

“Just this once… I suppose we can put our differences aside.”

[pause]

“Done? Finally. Ugh…”

[pause]

“O-Of course I find you vile. You’re a vampire after all.”

[pause]

“Again, I’m not blushing! How could I be while I’m bleeding so much?!”

[short pause]

“Oh, I’m still bleeding.”

[pause]

“H-Hey, don’t laugh like that!”

[pause]

“What do you mean you’ll help me?! I can take care of my own wounds just fine!”

[pause]

“Returning the favor?! B-But-! How will I know that you won’t kill me?!”

[pause]

“W-well… I guess I did help you… but still. I don’t want you touching me!”

[pause]

“... You actually backed off?”

[pause]

“O-Oh right! Okay, okay. I’ll treat my own wounds.”

[you stand up]

“Huh? Where are you going?”

[pause]

“Standing guard in case other vampires smell the blood? … And also to give me some privacy?”

[pause]

“Um… thanks, I guess.”

[pause]

“Okay, I’ll call you when I’m done. Now go stand guard like you said you were going to!”

[sound of leaves rustling as you head through the foliage]

“Ugh… this is all making my head spin…”

“... Blushing? For a vampire? What a joke…”[Seductive] Well well, what do we have here today?
 
(Giggle)
 
Ahh, it would appear that you summoned me directly to your bedroom.
 
What lewd intentions did you have? (Giggle)
 
I suppose there is no one better than a succubus for all those debaucherous ideas.
 
…
 
[Surprised] You… wanted me to cuddle you to sleep?
 
That is the reason you summoned me?
 
…
 
[Understanding] Well, that would explain this more cozy attire I arrived in. Usually I would’ve appeared in something far more revealing but this is comfy.
 
You have great taste in nightgowns. (Giggle)
 
…
 
[Caring] Oh Honey, No. It *is* absolutely acceptable to summon me for this. I just never have actually been summoned for a snuggling appointment before.
 
I know people usually think of *other* reasons when they summon a succubus but this is a perfectly valid reason.
 
…
 
Of course, Honey. Everyone gets lonely.
 
You do not need to feel bad. 
 
Loneliness can affect the heart of anyone.
 
You are absolutely not the only person to ever summon a succubus for that reason. I mean it
 
…
 
Of course, you are not.
 
It seems only natural that we are perfect for this.
 
When we are summoned, it is based entirely on your preferences. 
 
Height, body type, hair…We are even summoned in the clothing that you prefer the most, as I pointed out already.
 
(Giggle) We are practically perfect for being a cuddling partner.
 
So there is absolutely no shame in needing one of us to come and snuggle with you. 
 
Everyone could use some TLC sometime.
 
(Forehead Kiss)
 
Now come one, let's go ahead and lay down.
 
So we can get more comfortable. (Giggle)
 
< Bed sounds as they both lay down >
 
There we go, might I say this bed is wonderful.
 
The perfect size for us to get very cozy. 
 
(Giggle)
 
Honey, you don’t need to be so shy about getting in bed with a succubus.
 
Bring it in closer.
 
…Closer
 
[Quietly] Closer.
 
There we go!
 
Now, I can wrap my arms around you [Stretching] and bring you in close.
 
See, we might as well get close since we are both laying in bed together silly.
 
I forgot to ask the first time but are you comfortable with kisses on the forehead?
 
…
 
Good, I find them quite effective in calming one and making them feel safe and cared for. 
 
(Kiss)
{{ Voice can be a bit quieter here since the 2 are laying down closer compared to the beginning of the script. I also suggested some spots where you can whisper a line put feel free to put in as many whispers as you wish }}
 
Now, I’m sure you didn’t *just* summon me here for only cuddling.
 
I know you need a little pillowtalk, am I correct? 
 
…
 
No, Honey it’s okay. It really is.
 
Like I said, everyone needs some TLC sometime.
 
For this time that you have summoned me, I am here to take care of you.
 
If you just need me to hold you close and make you feel safe, I can do just that.
 
…
 
Everything is okay right now, Honey.
 
You know, you really should be getting more sleep.
 
…
 
Oh yes, I can tell.
 
It doesn’t take a scientist to see that, Honey.
 
Just taking one little look at you and looking into your eyes, I can see that you need much more sleep.
 
Which is exactly what I am here to help you with.
 
You do have to get some good rest before work.
 
I can almost feel all stress on you. I know work can be hard, especially if you are working overtime a bunch. 
 
So when you are laying down with me, just let it all go and relax in my arms. 
 
I’ll make everything feel better. 
 
Whether you feel lonely, sad, stressed or anything bad.
 
Close your eyes for a minute.
 
And just listen to my voice.
 
Feel my warm embrace.
 
Just relax and let those muscles rest.
 
Anything you have been holding in right now.
 
Tension… stress… emotions
 
Let it all out.
 
[Whispered] You are perfectly safe in my arms. 
 
(Kiss)
 
Breathe in… and out.
 
Breathe in… and out.
 
You can snuggle a little closer to me if you want.
 
You can press your weary heads against my chest.
 
It’s exactly the shape you wanted it to be (Giggle)
 
Just feel my hand as I slowly brush my fingers across your back.
 
Just feel as I move them, gently brushing you.
 
All that matters right now is you.
 
I am here to comfort you and make sure that you are cared for.
 
(Kiss)
 
You are perfectly safe right now.
 
This can be our little moment where everything freezes. 
 
If you can let go of it, please do.
 
[Whispers] Let nothing else matter right now other than your happiness and comfort. 
 
There you go, Honey.
 
Let all that tension in your back fade out. In your shoulders too. 
 
Let it all melt away, as you melt into my arms. 
 
Just feel the warmth of my touch as it soothes you. 
 
(Kiss)
 
You have been carrying so much, I could just hear it in your voice. 
 
I could feel it in your breathing. 
 
If you need to, you can let out some tears. You don’t have to hold anything in.
 
I am here to wipe them off of your pretty little cheeks. (Soft Giggle)
 
There is nothing else you need to do right now other than let go. 
 
Let all those stressful thoughts fade and just listen to my voice. 
 
Let me soothe that beautiful mind and body of yours.
 
Let me take off some of that weight you have been carrying.
 
(Kiss)
 
You are perfect… I mean it. 
 
(Giggle)
 
I know that you don’t tell yourself that enough which is why I am doing so. 
 
[Whispered] You are a beautiful person and you need to not be so hard on yourself. 
 
You don’t give yourself nearly enough credit. 
 
I don’t even need to use my magic to figure that out about you.
 
It’s all in the way you carry yourself.
 
I can feel it all, which is why I know exactly how you are feeling. 
 
You *are* a good person and you should love yourself.
 
…
 
No no no. I don’t want to hear any rebuttal.
 
Say it. “I am a good person and I should love myself more”
 
Please say it.
 
…
 
Excellent.
 
(Kiss)
 
It all starts with that. 
 
Once you start being a little more positive to yourself, you will begin to feel better.
 
Every part of you will start to feel better from your head, to your toes, to even your heart.
 
Like a weight being lifted slowly.
 
You know, you are just amazing to snuggle with. 
 
Seriously, *I* feel like I’m the lucky one to be snuggled in bed with someone as wonderful as you.
 
You are the perfect fit for my hugs.
 
You are so sweet and gentle it just melts my heart.  
 
And so cute!
 
(Giggle)
 
Feeling how your body slowly relaxes with every word I say.
 
Those little goosebumps as my lips get closer to your ears. 
 
[Whisper] I love feeling how your body tingles..
 
It makes me feel warm inside knowing that you are enjoying this and resting. 
 
Just holding you, as you close your eyes and nuzzle into me.
 
Running my fingers across your back. 
 
Kissing your forehead so gently 
 
(Kiss)
 
Just feel my loving touch as I hold you close.
 
Do you want me to hold your hand too?
 
…
 
(Giggle) Of course I can, Honey.
 
You’re so cute.
 
Now lets work on keeping those eyes closed.
 
Let those eyelids get heavier and heavier.
 
Let everything around you fade as you drift off into a dream. 
 
Your body slowly comes to complete rest from everything. 
 
I can use a little bit of succubus magic to help you drift off if you need it but you seem to be actually resting just from my presence.
 
(Kiss)
 
Excellent, just drift off Honey.
 
I will be here with you all night. 
 
If you at all wake up, I’ll feel it and I’ll help you relax back to sleep. 
 
If you need to change positions, I will move with you as gently as possible. 
 
[Whispered] I am here specifically to help you fall completely asleep and I am not leaving you at all tonight. 
 
Not until the morning, I am all yours, Honey.
 
I will keep you safe and comforted tonight. 
 
(Kiss)
 
With all the kisses and cuddles you need. 
 
Just rest with me, and let your mind drift off for the night.
 
You have a big day tomorrow and need all the rest you can get. 
 
And tomorrow night, if you need me..
 
You can always summon me back.
 
I’ll go ahead and mark you. So whenever you need my presence.
 
I’m just a spell away, whether it's for some more cuddling, resting or even just a nap.
 
You ask, and I’ll be here for you again.
 
(Kiss)
 
Now rest, Honey.
 
Hold on and drift off into the sweetest dream with me.
 
( Humming )
{{ Hum a tune of your choosing and fade to end. }}[Scene opens within an office, late at night]

[SFX: Frustrated typing and a cell phone going off]

[Pause???]

“Heeyyyy, baby. It’s your favorite bad boy.”

[Pause]

“Oof, someone’s in a mood. Having a rough day at work?”

[Pause]

“You’re STILL there?! It’s nearly midnight, you’ve been working since 8 AM!”

[Pause!]

“OK, OK, sorry… I, uh, might be about to make things worse…”

[...]

“Yeeeah, I’m kind of being held at the police station for taking a swing at Jake. In my defense, before you get super mad, the asshole made a comment about you that I didn’t appreciate. So, uh, yeah. If you could come pick up your super handsome, muscly boyfriend, that’d be super.”

[...]

“Aw, c’mon, baby… It’s not like I’m trying to drive you up the wall, I’m just… you know, me.”

[SFX: Keys jingling]

“Thanks, baaabe, love yooouuu.”

**[Scene transitions to the police station]**

[You arrive at the police station after thirty minutes or so and give the clerk an apologetic shrug]

“Aw, cmon, Ross! That toothpick was the only thing keeping me entertained!”

[Pause]

“Fine, fine, we’re getting. Geeze, everyone’s in a bad mood tonight. There’s my baby! Mwah, hey sweet thing. Uh-? OK, I’m backing off, sorry. Yeah, have a good night, Ross. Try not to be too cheerful, yeah?”

[The two of you walk outside as your boyfriend chuckles. He sticks another toothpick in his mouth with a wince and a chuckle]

[Pause…]

“Course I had another toothpick, sweetie. Rrgh, but chewing on it hurts like crazy… Guess the fucker did get in a good hit or two, eh? Hehe. Good thing we have that bag of frozen peas.”

[Pause]

“...You OK, Hon?”

[Pause]

“You sure as shit don’t sound “fine”. You look like you took as many hits as I did but don’t have the marks to show for it. What’s going on?”

[Pause]

[He scoffs, pulling away]“Well pardon the fuck out of me! Geeze, what’s got you so riled up? This isn’t my first overnight in the slammer, it probably won’t be my last.”

[Pause!]

“That’s…the problem? What? You’re the one that was all hot and bothered for the “delinquent”, sweetheart, I don’t know what the fuck you expected.”

[He puts on a slightly mocking tone]

“Ooh, I bet I can ‘fix’ him and he’ll be oh so thankful that a goodhearted little thing like me came along and will totally validate my desire to feel needed!”

[SFX: The Listener stopping dead]

“...I-I… fuck, baby, I’m sorry, that was…”

[Pause]

“Don’t talk to you? OK, you know what? Fine. I’m going to go do the “delinquent” thing and get a drink at the bar. You go do the goody-two-shoes thing and go be a productive member of society.”

[He storms off, leaving you to your own devices]

[Scene transitions to your apartment, several hours later]

[SFX: The door opens and the Speaker trudges in]

“Baby…? Baby, are you here?”

[SFX: A bouquet rustling]

“...OK. If you are here and just don’t want to talk, that’s fine, I get it. I was a dick. I, uh… I brought you some roses. They’re 24-hour grocery store roses, but… I didn’t want to come home emptyhanded, you know?”

[Pause]

“Damn… I wonder if they fell asleep already? Kind of hope so… They’ve been having a lot of trouble sleeping lately. Wait… is that…because of me? No, I… I’m not that loud at night. I’ve gone out way less. That’s…that’s enough, right?”

[SFX: Footsteps and a door quietly opening]

“Ah, man, they are asleep… Poor baby. I’m gonna sit on the bed, OK? Please don’t punch me if you’re pretending to be asleep… What am I saying, you’ve never punched me… I appreciate it, you know? I’m so used to getting beaten up that I forget… that you’re always gentle with me…”

[He sighs and sets the bouquet aside, lying down with you]

“I’ll take you yelling at me if I can just lie here next to you… You know, it’s so dumb. I always feel like I have to be this person just to keep you around. I’ve got my job at the car shop, sure, but… fuck, what else could you possibly see in me? I drive you crazy, and it used to make you smile, but lately…”

[Again, he sighs, and pulls you close]

“I wish you’d talk to me, baby… You used to open up to me about everything, but now… Oh, honey, you only get this way when you’re really stressed… God, and I made it a thousand times worse just from running my stupid mouth earlier. You didn’t deserve that… You came straight from your crazy fucking job just to bail me out because I just HAD to swing at a guy that talked shit about you… W-What…what do you even see in me? I’m… I’m making you miserable, aren’t I…?”

[Pause]

“I’m glad you’re sleeping at least. You’re not even…snoring…this…time…”

[He sits up, alarmed]

“Baby?! Baby! Oh god, you’re barely breathing! Shit, shit shit shit, FUCK! H-Hang on, I’m calling someone right now!”

[SFX: Him dialing emergency services and generally panicking]

“H-Hello?! Y-Yeah, I, I need help! My partner is out cold and barely breathing!”

[Pause]

“I don’t know! I just got home and they were in bed a-and… oh god… oh no, t-there’s a pill bottle here for one of their medications a-and it’s empty. It was full this morning! Oh my god, oh baby, no, no no no, not like this!”

[Pause]

“I-I, a-ah… they have a pulse b-but it’s weak! The address is 1024 54th Ave S, please hurry!”

[...Pause…?]

“BABY! H-Hey, hey… there you are! No no no, don’t-! Don’t you leave me, do you understand?! Help is on the way, I promise, s-so just-!”

[Pause]

“W-What? N-No, don’t apologize! It’s OK, it’s going to be OK… Hey! HEY!”

[You consciousness begins to slip again. Bile is in the back of your throat as you watch your boyfriend’s face fade away above you]

“Please hurry! Please please, oh god, I-I think they’re dying! Baby, hang on, OK?! HANG ON!”

[You slip away]

[To be continued]Hey, I'm here to see-- yea, I'm here to see [him/her/them]. theylaughsthey Do I come here that often?
 
Yea, I do suppose [he/she/they]'[s/re] my favorite. 
 
[Is/are] [he/she/they] still-- yea, I know where [he/she/they] [is/are]. Thank you!
 
theytheythey
 
theydoor open SFXthey Hey there, I'm back! Didja miss me?
 
Hey, hey, hey, yes I have treats, but you need to say hi first!
 
Thank you. Now, how are you doing? Have you been a good [boy/girl/kitten] for me?
 
That's good to hear; now, before I give you your treats, did you eat all of your lunch today?
 
Even the vegetables?
 
Are you lying to me?
 
theysighthey You know sweetie you aren't going to grow up big and strong if you don't eat your vegetables.
 
Yea, I know they're yucky, but you have to be good and eat them even when I'm not there to watch over you. 
 
You don't have to apologize for that; what I would like an apology for is lying. Do you remember what I said about lying?
 
That's right; I'm more upset about the lying than whatever you did wrong. Now, since you didn't eat your vegetables at lunch, will you promise me that you'll eat an extra helping at dinnertime?
 
That's a good [boy/girl/kitten]. Here. [hands listener the treats]
 
Hey, hey! Slow down! You're gonna choke!
 
That's it, small bites. It'll last longer.
 
[sits down next to listener] You know I've missed you this week. It's been... oh it's been quite the week.
 
Well, my boss hasn't been the best at fixing the issues I keep bringing up to him. It's frustrating seeing problems occur that I theyknowthey are going to happen because theysomeonethey doesn't think they're that big of a deal.
 
theylaughsthey Yea, he needs to use his listening ears, just like you do! [ruffles listeners ears] theyscritching SFXthey
 
You're always so soft and fluffy, you know that? Been keeping yourself well-groomed. 
 
You know, you've improved a lot since I first met you. I remember you being so skittish, you had mats in your fur, you looked just... you looked like you needed someone to love you. 
 
Yea, and then you met me! How long has it been? It feels like forever.
 
A month? Wow, time really flies doesn't it? 
 
So how have you actually been? I know you said you're doing okay, but I've heard that before. How are you theyreallythey doing? The other kittens aren't bullying you, are they?
 
Honey, you're shrinking up again. Are you being bullied?
 
You know I can tell when you're lying to me, don't you? I won't get mad with you if you say yes.
 
theysighthey I'm going to have to have a word with the staff on my way out. That is simply not acceptable. How could anyone bully such a precious [boy/girl/thing] like you?
 
You do theynotthey deserve it. Who told you that? Is it the same neko who's been giving you trouble the past couple of weeks?
 
God, someone needs to discipline that one. They can't just keep getting away with it! No one has the right to do that to theyanyonethey.
 
"You took care of it"? ... theysighthey What did you do?
 
theysighthey Honey, you theyknowthey it isn't okay to bite other nekos. 
 
Yes, even if they call you mean names. You have to tell an adult!
 
Okay, I theydidthey say that it was good that you were getting more independent, but I didn't mean that you should retaliate so aggressively!
 
theysighthey You're a little troublemaker, aren't you? Such a rascal.
 
Oh, you aren't? Then what are you?
 
You're my good [boy/girl/kitten]? theysighthey I can't say no to that face. Come here.
 
theyscritching SFXthey
 
You really are my good [boy/girl/kitten], aren't you? 
 
You know, it's been so nice getting to know you the past few weeks, I was wondering if... maybe you'd like to come home with me?
 
If you're not ready to leave I'm okay with that, I'm more than happy to keep visiting you here at the shelter.
 
You-- you want to come home with me? Really? Oh, that makes me so happy! Let me go tell the staff and then we can collect your things, okay sweetie? See you in a bit!Hey, you!


(sarcastic) No, the kid hiding in your backpack. Yes, you!


(offended) What do I want? (angry) I’d check your attitude if I were you. We both know who would win if things got…physical. All I want is to give you a proposition.


Oh, only for the best thing in the world...Headpats.


Woah, chill out! And keep your voice down!


Yeah I know they aren’t allowed in school but the teachers know better than to give me shit. (whispering) I caught the principal getting pats a couple months ago, and he and I have an agreement. I don’t tell the police what I saw, and he lets me off the hook if I get caught. Not that I’ve ever gotten caught, or refrained from telling people.


Come on! Get that stick out of your ass! There’s nothing wrong with a little wholesome affection every once and a while.


You really think I don’t know my reputation? Of course I know what people think of me. I don’t care. I just wanna give pats and live life.


You’re really gonna call me addicted? No I’m not! I can stop whenever I want!


Ok, just shut up. None of the bullshit reasons you pull out of your ass are gonna change my mind, so how about you just try one tiny headpat.


Why am I asking you? Because you’re such a goody two-shoes! That’s no way to be, man. You’ve gotta live a little! Do something risqué every once and a while.


Still no? That’s disappointing, although I’m not surprised.


Woah, hold up there. Where do you think you’re going?


No. You’re not leaving until you let me pat your head.


(forceful) I don’t care if you have class! I’m giving you a chance to be fun for once and I am not letting you waste it.


Oh, let me guess. (mockingly) Mommy told her perfect little angel that headpats are a gateway into degenerate things like scritchies, hugs, hand-holding, and cuddles? What a fucking joke.


No I told you, you’re not going to class! You’re getting headpats and that’s final.


*sigh* (mumbling to self) I swear this kid is so fucking hopeless. (to listener) You wanna know what headpats do to you?


No, they don’t rot your brain like in those bullshit anti-cuddle PSAs. With just one headpat you will feel euphoric. Its gentle touch will send pleasant shivers down your spine. In that moment, you will be in pure bliss. Nothing in the world can hurt you, none of your problems can bother you anymore. All you need is one headpat and that joy can be yours. *long pause*


(smug) *chuckle* Have I piqued your interest?


Yes, just one headpat and then you can go to class like a good little student. Nobody has to know.


You will? That’s great to hear! I swear this will be the best experience of your goddamn life. (threatening) Oh, and if you even dare think about telling the police, I’ll have you six feet under before you can say blanket burrito. Understood?


Good. Now come here and let me love on you. *headpats*


There. Now you can go back to class.


(playfully) Oh? You’re not leaving. Could it be that…you want some more?


(teasing) What? Sorry I couldn’t hear you. Would you mind speaking up?


So you do want more headpats! I told you they were great, didn’t I? Here you go sweetheart. *headpats start*


You really like that, don’t you?


*laugh* I knew it. Noone, not even the teacher’s pet, can resist a good headpat. *headpats stop*


Huh? You wanna try hugs already? (excited) You’re a freak! I love it! Come here sweetpea. *hug*


(calm) Now that’s the good shit, you sitting here in my arms. I told you they weren’t so bad. But do you wanna know what can make this even better? If I gently squeeze you closer.


Oh you poor, poor thing. You’ve been touch starved because this fucked up world just doesn’t like it when you get affection, does it?


I’m so sorry you’ve been feeling this way for so long. But I can make it better. Just give in and let my gentle but firm embrace take all that pain away.


Ok. I think I need to let you go now, sweetie.


Oh I know, I know. I wish I could give you more affection but I need to be on my way. I promised my friend that I’d swing by and give them a dose of scritchies today.


Wait, you’re offering me money? *laugh* I know I’m a dealer hun, but I don’t do it for the money. Seeing your happy face is all the payment I need.


Tell ya what, if you wanna try something more hardcore, come to my place tonight. I’m having some friends over and I think you’d fit perfectly in our group. It’s West Oak Road, first house at the end of the street. Can’t miss it.


Well…I wouldn’t wanna spoil the surprise, but I can tell you that it’ll involve stuffed animals, comfy pajamas, and a pillow fort.


You’ll come? Great! Be there by eight, ok? Any later and you’ll miss out on one hell of a time. Oh, and before I go, let me give you an…extra incentive to come back. *light head scratching*


I’ll see you tonight, ok? Don’t be late![int. a quiet, dark room. faint breathing can be heard fading in]
 
 
 Ah. You’re finally awake. That was quite the nap you took; I was beginning to think you would never wake up.
 
[Pause] 
 
 Where are you? [A small laugh, like the question is ridiculous] I didn’t think you hit your head that hard. You’re in your bedroom. Do you not enjoy how I have redecorated? 
 
[shifting, like someone is gesturing to the walls] 
 
 I couldn’t find any pins to stick the photos to the walls, so I used knives instead. [quiet, yet gleeful chuckle] It’s okay, you don’t need to worry about what your landlord will say. 
 
[Muttered]
 
 He won’t be coming around much anymore.  
 
[A pause, the sound of footsteps moving closer] 
 
[Normal tone]
 
 You look so pretty. 
 
[Sound of skin against skin] 
 
 [Quiet, tender] Your skin is so soft… Big, glistening eyes staring up at me. Heh, I can feel your cheeks heating up under my palm.
 
[Quick shift, like someone jerks away] 
 
 [Sharply] Stay still. [Softer] I saw that wince. Your head hurts, doesn’t it? Quick movements will only aggravate the wound. It might even make it worse, and I’m sure you wouldn’t want that, would you?[A sigh] I left your legs free because I thought you might like to… roam around. But [close, emphasised] do not think I won’t hesitate to tie you up if you misbehave. 
 
 
[A sigh] 
 
 There you go again. What, you thought we were friends? No no, darling. You are so much more than a friend to me. You… you are everything to me. [skin on skin contact, brushing lightly] You are… So close to perfection. The closest thing. But… Nobody ever truly sees that, do they? 
 
 
 Your friends… I see how they treat you. They only want you around when they need something from you… You remember how they left you all alone, don’t you? Even your ex… they left you too. Everyone is always leaving you. 
 
 [Shifting, someone sitting on a bed] But I see you. I see all of you for who you are. The ‘you’ that no one else ever took the time to truly see. The ‘you’ you keep locked away. It was so hard to find, darling, but it was so unbelievably worth it. I see you. I’ll never leave you. 
 
 That’s all you want, isn’t it? Someone to cherish you, to look at you like you are the most precious thing in the world? To never, ever leave you? 
 
[A pause, before a hum in satisfaction]
 
 I know, darling, I know. It’s hard when no one sees how special you are… But you are so special, so precious to me. Only I know how to treat you as you should be treated. 
Like royalty. Pampered, and treasured… you deserve it all. 
 
[A sigh, pause] 
 
 But you have to earn it, darling. That means being good, and following the rules. Oh, don’t look so scared, it’s nothing too bad. Just a few ground rules to keep you… safe. 
 
[Taking on a sterner tone] 
 
 This room will be locked at all times until you have earned your freedom. If you try to escape, I will know. And if you try to contact someone… well, it’s not like anyone will care, y’know? But I will know if you try. Which is why I have taken all devices that can be used to communicate out of your bedroom. Perhaps you will earn them back, if you are good. 
 
[Shifting, someone getting up from the bed] 
 
 Your meals will be brought to you at 9am, 1pm and 7pm on the dot. If you wish to have a snack, do not hesitate to let me know. I will provide it instantly.
 
[Muttered under breath] 
 
 If you are good. 
 
[Normal tone, leaning close] 
 
  Oh darling, this is all for your own good. I know best how to take care of you, after all, because I know you the most. One might say I know you inside and out. But- heh- perhaps we haven’t quite got there yet. One day, though. 
 
 Now, I will let you get adjusted to your new life here whilst I make a start on dinner. No no, you don’t need to tell me. I know exactly what you like. 
 
[A pause, satisfied sigh as footsteps begin to walk away] 
 
 We are going to have a wonderful time, darling. This is your house after all. You can relax here. Just… Remember that my rules come first. Understood? Heh, you’re so obedient. I like that about you. I will be watching you, darling, don’t forget that. I like looking at you, so my eyes will be forever on you. Only you. 
 
[Muttered under breath] 
 
 So you will never set a foot out of line. 
 
[Normal tone] 
 
 [Unbothered] Oh, nothing darling. Just me talking to myself. I’ll see you at dinner, okay? Be good. [Chuckle] 
 
[Lock clicks] (Tone is caring) 
Commander? 
*Beat*
Commander?
*Beat*
There you are; big sis was so worried about you. 
What are you still doing? Working at this hour that is? 
(She walks up to the listener)
You don’t seem fine at all. 
You look like you’re a few seconds away from collapsing. 
That isn’t healthy. 
*Beat*
Come on, let big sister take care of you. 
Don’t be shy now. 
*Beat*
That’s it, I’ll bring you to my room, feel free to rest against me if you need to. 
It won’t bother me, in fact, I would enjoy it. *Giggles* 
(Walking sounds) 
It isn’t far. 
You should really come and visit me some time, I would hate if this became a normal occurrence, seeing you in this state makes me so sad. 
*Beat* 
(Walking stops) 
Here we are. 
(Door opens) 
Come on, follow big sister. 
(They walk in; door closes) 
*Beat*
(They sit down on the bed)
You’re so tense. 
Sit on big sister’s lap, I’ll take good care of you. 
*Beat*
That’s it, commander, lean back and rest your head against my bosom. 
Don’t worry commander, big sis is here for you. 
I know, why don’t I clean your ears a little bit. 
I always keep some tools on me in case anyone needs it. 
It’s always good to have clean ears, especially in our line of work. 
Wouldn’t want to go and get ambushed now, would we? 
*Beat*
Just relax. 
I’ll start by brushing around your ears… like this. 
(Brushing sounds start) 
Are your ears sensitive? You shivered a little when I started brushing. 
You should never be afraid to ask me to do this. 
Big sister is always willing to help out her favorite commander. 
Although, I think it’s cute when you act all nervous. 
I hope you don’t think that I see you in a negative light, I honestly prefer you like this. 
You resting against me while I take care of you. 
It’s all I could ever want. 
*Beat*
All right, I should switch to the other ear. 
(Brushing switches to the other ear) 
When was the last time you cleaned your ears? 
I haven’t even finished brushing and I can already tell that they’re quite dirty. 
There’s no need to be embarrassed, commander, I just wish you would’ve told me. 
At this point I’m less concerned about any loss of hearing due to buildup and more concerned that your cute little ears might be hurting. 
Don’t worry, big sis will take care of you. 
(Brushing sounds stop)
Alright, this next part might feel a little strange, but your ears are so sensitive that I’m sure you’ll enjoy it. 
(Earpick sounds) 
You should close your eyes commander, you’re safe. 
That’s it. 
*Beat* 
There’s quite a lot of buildup, it might take some time, but I don’t think you’ll mind. 
*Beat*
You’re really adorable, I hope you know that. 
I wanted to do this ever since I first laid eyes on you. 
It’s just the way you hold yourself. 
You try to hide this side of you, but you really don’t fool anyone, you definitely didn’t fool me. 
Whether or not we say it, it’s the job of every ship to protect you just as it’s your job to guide us. 
You cannot have one side without the other. 
So, you shouldn’t be afraid of being taken care of. 
*A minute or so of silence with just the earpick sounds*
And now for the other ear. 
(Earpick switches sides) 
*Some more silence with more earpick sounds*
You look so peaceful. 
*Giggle* 
*Silence with the sounds to balance both earpick audio sections* 
(Earpick sounds stop)
Alright, now to remove the broken-up bits of earwax. 
You’ll hear some scratching sounds but that’s fine. 
Big sis also noticed that you’re shaking, my ear cleaning must feel good. 
(Scraping sounds) 
*Humming gently* 
(No dialogue for this section. You can choose how long this part lasts) 
(Scraping sounds stop) 
Now to brush away any remaining specks. 
(Brushing sounds start again) 
You’re being so good for me. 
I bet that you can hear so much better now. 
(No dialogue, same deal as scraping section) 
(Brushing sound stops)
There all nice and clean. 
Although… I think there’s something else I could do, especially since your ears are so sensitive. 
*Giggle*
Just relax for me. 
*Really close to one of the listener’s ears*
Relax. 
(Ear licking starts) 
(A few minutes and then switch sides)
(A few more minutes switch back)
(A few more minutes switch again)
(A few minutes and then stop) 
How was that? 
Did big sister do a good job? 
Aw, you’re a shivering mess. 
So tired and cute. 
*Gentle shushing* 
It’s okay. 
I’ll wrap you in my embrace and hold you close to my chest. 
(She embraces the listener) 
Rest now cutie. 
*Kiss* 
Sleep well, commander. 
I’ll stroke your hair while you sleep. 
(Hair stroking) 
Goodnight cutie. 
(Audio fades out to the sound of hair stroking) [Mutters] “So…the total energy within a substance, the internal energy, is the total kinetic energy of the particles and the potential energy between-”

[Notices listener nodding off] “Hey! Are you falling asleep again?” [laughs] “Haha…this is like what, the fifth time this hour?”

[Pause]

“Get up you lazy bum. What time did you even sleep last night?”

[Pause]

“Wow and I thought I had a messed up sleep schedule. You were up watching YouTube videos again, weren’t you? What do you even watch or listen to, so late at night anyways?”

[Sigh] “Nevermind…I don’t even want to know. I’ve explained thermal physics to you, repeatedly, for the past 30 minutes and you haven’t even written a single word down on that worksheet.”

[Pause]

“Yawning while I’m talking? Hey, look at me. In the eyes.”

“Yes, in the eyes. … Ah, so you are awake. Good.”

[Gets closer, teasing whisper tone] “I could print more worksheets for you if you’d like…”

[Pause]

“Ah, that’s what I thought. Do you want to move on? We could work on the engineering physics unit next.”

[Pause]

[Chuckle] “Seriously? Oh, so now you want to move on to English literature? This morning we started with English, then we did math, chemistry, physics, and now English again?”

[In disbelief] “And I told you, you shouldn’t have picked your classes based on the person you found cute a month prior to the opening of school. Do you still like them, that person?”

[Pause]

“What does the silence even mean? We’ve been friends for like forever. I can’t believe you never told me who it is or at least showed me a picture of what they look like. I’m starting to believe this person doesn’t exist and you’re just bad at choosing what subjects you’re going to take. Oh well, at least you have me in all of those classes.”

[Pause]

“Yes! Be grateful. Remember our last math test? If I didn’t call you that morning, you would’ve slept in until lunch. Bet.” [chuckles]

[Longer pause]

[Sounds apologetic] “I don’t mean it like that. You know I don’t mean it like that…Hey, believe in yourself more. I know you did your best. You studied really hard for that test. I saw you. I can guarantee a hundred percent, you won’t fail.”

[Pats head of listener] “I know you feel better when I pat your head like this…mhm. Yes, I’m being honest. You worked really hard and you probably overslept because you were worrying so much about failing. Really, you’re smarter than you think you are. Don’t put yourself down so much. If it means anything, I believe in you. And if you need any help, I’ll be here for you. Always.”

[Pause, listener makes a joke]

[lightens up] “Yes…I canceled a study session on you last minute, but that was once! Once! It won’t happen again for sure. I couldn’t help it. You know how my body acts up under stress. Yes, I’m taking better care of myself now, but as should you.”

[Longer pause]

“Okay, okay. You’re distracting me again. Let’s get back to English. So, tell me, what is the author trying to imply about the character at the first stanza of this poem?”

[Pause]

[Teasing tone] “We’ve gone over this~”

“The love interest. The author used this metaphor to compare the characters’ feelings to that of the main lead’s. A beautiful mask. They feel the same way, but one of them is actively trying to conceal their emotions. They don’t want to give the other character false hope.”

[Pause]

“Oh, what do I think? Well…I guess it’s kind of touching? Personally, I wish they are more straightforward with how they both feel. Haha…could save a lot of pages. But I understand why they would feel the need to try to hide them.”

[Pause]

“You agree with the main lead? Interesting…”

[Pause]

“Hey! Despite how you see me constantly studying, I do know a thing or two about romance.”

[Pause]

“Yeah I do. I-I mean I haven’t had as much experience as you…in the dating scene, but you tell me things. I’ve heard around.” [Lowers voice] “Felt things…thought of it…”

[Flustered] “H-have I thought about it? Like making up romantic scenarios? To fall asleep?” [Nervous laughter] “Ahaha…well…we are humans after all. I’m sure you do it as well! Don’t deny it.”

[Pause]

[Whisper] “So…out of curiosity, do you think of anyone? Before you sleep…?”

[Pause]

“Oh. That crush…right…So, when are you going to tell me who it is?”

[Pause]

“Actually…it’s alright. Tell me whenever you are ready. I’ll figure it out eventually…” [voice trails off]

[Concerned tone] “Hey, you seem tired. To be honest, we’ve done a lot of studying. Let’s wrap it up for today. Good job for staying awake until now. You should get some rest.”

[Pause]

[lower voice] “I’ll clean up the table. Don’t worry about it.”

[Quiet shuffling noises (optional)]

“Yeah you can rest your head on my shoulder…go ahead.”

[Pause]

“I’m so proud of you, alright? I know studying isn’t for everyone, but seeing you taking the effort to come all this way to study with me at the library, that’s already enough for me. You really deserve some rest.”

“Shh, it’s okay. No one’s watching us. You don’t have to be embarrassed.”

[Pause]

“Yeah just close your eyes. I’ll play with your hair, just a little bit, if you don’t mind.”

[Pause]

“Mhm. I’ll wake you up later. Just sleep for now.”

[Pause]

[Whispers] “Sleep well, my precious…”Alright, one last form. I acknowledge the rules of Neko Nurturing… Be patient with the Nekos… no outside food or drink… yep… yeah…

{shocked}

Do not molest the cats in the main room?! I’d certainly hope so! God, what kind of place is this?

*small pause*

No, it’s probably fine. The reviews are so good, some idiot probably got handsy so they had to make a rule. I swear, some people are just perverts.

*small pause*

There we go, all signed. I think that means I’m ready to head in. Oh! Hand sanitizer.

*small pause*

Okay, now I’m ready.

*small pause*

Wow, there are a lot more people in here than I’d expect.

*small pause*

Woah! If you were any bigger you would have knocked me over! Running into a hug like that. You’re a small one, aren’t you? Probably just a kitten.

*kitten runs*

And there they go. Must be a short attention span on that one. I guess I’ll just go sit down and see what happens.

*small pause*

(exhale)

Wow, this couch is really comfortable.

(yawn)

Was I this tired when I walked in? Eh, it’s probably the ambiance. The passive sounds of purring certainly aren’t helping to keep me awake. I could just lay down here and-

(yawn)

-Rest my eyes for a moment.

*pause*

(rousing)

{half-asleep}

Is there something..?

*small pause*

Oh, hey there kitty! I didn’t expect someone to lie down on me.

*listener snuggles*

Wow, you’re really cute. Do you have a name, sweetie?

*listener speaks*

I’m sorry, I must be hearing things. What did you say your name was?

*listener repeats*

Honey, that’s a number. Are you sure that’s your name?

*listener states*

I guess that… I guess that makes a little sense. I think I’ll still call you kitty, though. A number feels… off.

*listener snuggles*

You’re snuggling into me a lot. Are you cold, or do you just want pets?

*listener responds*
Little bit of both? Well then, let me just…

*small pause*

There. That should warm you up. And you look really cute with my coat draped over you. Can I… pet your ears?

*listener agrees*

Wow, you’re practically vibrating. Does it really feel that good?

*listener admits*

No? I don’t understand.

*listener states*

You just purred so I’d think you liked the pets? I don’t get it. Do you want ear rubs?

*listener states*

No? Okay, but you said you wanted pets. Do you want chin scritches or tail fluffs or..?

*listener admits*

You don’t actually want to be pet? But, why would you lie, dear?

*listener claims*

So I’d like you more? Sweetheart, I like you plenty. You don’t have to pretend.

*small pause*

Did you even want to lay on me, or was that just part of the act too?

*listener admits*

Well then, let’s sit up.

*small pause*

You can keep the coat if you want it.

*listener responds*

That’s fine. Now, why is a pretty kitty like you trying so hard to charm me? There are plenty of other humans here, and from what I understand, you’re allowed to just, not interact with us.

*listener states*

I’m sorry, you’ll have to walk me through this a little slower. This is my first time in a Neko cafe. What do you mean?

*listener dodges*

Yes, I see the other cats, dear. But that’s not answering my question. You said you ~had~ to charm me. Where do the other cats fit into that?

*listener questions*

You’re older than them? I suppose that checks out. You’re at least a lot bigger than all the other Nekos. Why does that matter?

*listener states*

You’re six years old? Okay, we still haven’t answered my original question. Why did you act so shy and cuddly when I first woke up? And why does your age matter at all?

*listener claims*

People only want kittens? What do you mean, want? I thought you just got to free roam the cafe. Why does it matter if people like you or not? As long as you aren’t actively violent, shouldn’t you get a free pass?

*listener disagrees*

That’s not how Neko Cafes work? Well, would you like to enlighten me?

*listener states*

Yes, the cafe only makes a profit if people come in. And?

*listener speaks*

Neko Nurturing can only support about eighty Nekos at a time? Okay, where are you going with this?

*listener states*

Older Nekos aren’t good for business? I still don’t get that claim. Why does the age of the Neko matter to anybody? You come to the cafe, maybe you get to play with the cats, you leave. Age seems like a non-factor.

*listener states*

I’m sorry, adopts? No one adopts older cats? I didn’t think adoption was on the table here.

*listener comments*

They let people in, the people fall in love with a Neko, and then they offer adoption for a large fee? Wow, that’s quite the scam, isn’t it?

*small pause*

So if I’m reading between the right lines, Neko Nurturing would only want kittens because people like to adopt young. But I think I’m still missing something. Why do you care?

*listener states*

{exclaim}

Kick you out?!

*listener shushes*

Oh, I’m sorry. I should keep this quiet, shouldn’t I?

*small pause*

Have they been threatening to just, throw you to the streets?

*listener denies*

You’ve made yourself profitable? Smart move, but I’m worried. What exactly have you done?

*listener denies*

You shouldn’t tell me? Kitty, you’re scaring me. Please tell me this isn’t some weird, culty thing, is it?

*listener worries*

Kitty, you can trust me. It’s really starting to seem like you’re in danger. And if you need help, then I want to help you. No matter how old you are.

*listener states*

You want me to ask the front desk about their, ~cashmere special~? Okay, can I tell them you told me that or..?

*listener denies*

Got it. I’m friends with Madison, and they told me about the special. Anything else?

*listener speaks*

Take my coat back? Alright. I’ll see you soon, then.

*pause for time skip*

Kitty, are you in here? ‘Cause being led to a dimly lit back room is starting to feel like an organ harvesting plot!

*listener reveals*

Oh my god, you’re naked! Here, take my coat back.

*small pause*

Kitty, I have one question that I fear will answer everything. Who exactly is Madison?

*listener states*

Yep, I was worried you’d say that. So, and correct me if I’m wrong but, have you been selling your body to this Madison and any of their friends because they own the cafe, and they’d kick you out if you ever stopped?

*listener confirms*

Sweetie, is that why you tried to be so friendly? Because the only way for you to escape is to be adopted?

*listener confirms*

Oh, honey. I’m... I’m so sorry. Am I the first person you’ve told about this?

*listener recounts*

You convinced someone to call the police, but Madison is friends with the commissioner? Oh my god, this is textbook sex trafficking.

*small pause*

That spot under your collarbone. It’s a burn wound, isn’t it?

*listener confirms*

This is…

*small pause*

How much does it cost to adopt a Neko?

*listener states*

Done, I’ll double it to get you out of here, tonight. Keep the coat, sweetie. Stay warm, and stay here. I’ll come to get you.

*pause for time skip*

Sweetie? It’s time to go. I’ve got all your stuff right here, which is sad enough as a concept, and if you need to say any goodbyes, we can visit some other time. Right now, stay close to me, and don’t look back, we’re leaving.

*listener agrees*

That’s it. Just hang on to me. We’re almost out.

*pause*

This car is mine.

*small pause*

There, you’re safe now. You don’t even have to think about that place, ever again. Just close your eyes, rest, and I’ll tell you when we get to your new home

*listener sobs*
There there, it’s going to be okay. We’ll get you a nice rest, then first thing in the morning, we’ll go shopping. We’ll get you a bed and some more clothes, and you’ll never have to debase yourself ever again. I promise.

{fading out}

It’s okay.

You’re safe.

Let it all out.

You’re okay.

It’s okay.Hey! There you are, I’d begun to think you’d skipped town without telling us.



(chuckles)



Yeah, finals, I know they’re a dreaded time. Were they pretty hard this time around?



Oh, yeah that does sound hard. I always wonder why professors make the last week so important. If you’ve shown up the whole semester and done the work, I think the last test should be a freebie.



Exactly. Alright, well, what can I get started for you today?



Wait, lemme guess, a small half-sweet mocha and a blueberry muffin?



(gasp)



lemon poppyseed? My, it has been a long time, even your tastes have changed.



(laughing)



Yeah, I know, I’m a goof.



[rustling of a bag, hissing from an espresso machine]



(hum)



What? Oh, yeah we are slow today. I think it’s all the rain, people don’t tend to come out when it’s pouring outside.



Yeah, we have been doing well overall though. Ever since we opened last year it’s like the community has really welcomed their arms to us. I’m sure I’ll still see my regulars today, like you.



If I know your order by heart, you’re a regular.



{mock offense}



I did not get your order wrong, you changed it on me.



Mm, of course, blame the barista. It’s not like it’s my job to serve you or anything.



(laughing)



Hey, are you alright?



No, it’s just, you look a little tired. Guess I should hurry up on that mocha huh?



Alright, let me just ring you up. It’ll be four dollars and twenty cents.



That is the price. Yes it is. Call it a favorite customer discount. Or maybe a finals freebie. All I did was knock off the muffin.



Stop arguing and just swipe your card, or I’ll make the whole order free.



[stumbling footsteps]



Woah, hey. Are you okay?



You just got dizzy? Okay, here let me get you a stool and you can sit for a bit.



No, no, seriously we don’t have any customers today. Even if we did, I wouldn’t just leave you like this.



[Scraping of a chair, interrupted by a loud thump]



Oh my god, are you okay?



Shit, shit. Hey, come on, wake up.



Damn it, okay well they’re breathing, so that’s a good sign. Maybe some cold water will help.



[footsteps, running water, footsteps]



Should I just dab it on their forehead? Are they overheated?



Oh, oh hey you’re awake. Are you okay? You totally just passed out.



No, no, hey stay down. I mean it, I don’t know much when it comes to first aid but I’m pretty sure you’re not supposed to stand up for a little while after you pass out.



You did, yeah.



The cloth? Oh, um, I thought you might be overheated? I was hoping it would cool you down.



Stop laughing at me, I didn’t know what to do. I’ve never had anyone pass out on me before.



Do you think you could eat something? Yeah, okay, here’s your muffin. Take a few bites and I’m going to get you some water.



[rushing water]



Here. You look better already. Are you feeling better?



Yeah, you’ve got color in your cheeks again. You went really pale for a moment there.



Are you still dizzy?



A bit? Okay, let’s keep you down there for a little longer.



Why are you saying sorry? You didn’t do anything wrong. It’s not like you walked in today and went ‘huh I think I’ll scare the shit out of my favorite barista’.



Are you insinuating that I’m not your favorite barista? Is it Chad? I know he makes better mochas but I thought we had something special.



Yeah, I know you’re just teasing. I’m sorry if I’m making too many jokes. I just, you scared me, you know? I know we don’t know each other that well, outside of, well the coffee shop. But I like you, I like seeing you here.



Of course I care. You collapsed in front of me. And I hadn’t seen you for a few weeks. Were finals really that rough? Have you been sleeping?



(sigh)



Oh, of course not. Why would you need more than two days of sleep in the past week?



I know. I know that essays are hard and finals get to you. Just, five all-nighters? Really? I’m hyped up on caffeine all the time and even I only average like one a week.



No, not really. I actually sleep pretty well. Perks of getting up at four in the morning to open and then working till close at seven I guess.



Do you think you feel up to sitting? I’d like to get some of this water in you, and you’ve finished the muffin.



Yeah? Okay, here let me help you. No, seriously, you should get up slowly.



Why are you embarrassed? There’s nothing to be embarrassed about.



What if I had been the one to pass out? Would you have helped me?



(laughing)



No need to be so adamant. I’m just proving a point. I want to help you, and poor sleeping choices aside, this isn’t your fault. Sometimes your body just has enough, and needs another signal to tell you to slow down.



Well you know you’re slowing down now that finals are over, but your body is probably still stressed from completing so many important things in a really short period of time.



Okay, here grab my hands, and I’ll lever you up. Yeah like that, slowly, okay. How do you feel?



Fine? Not dizzy or anything? Okay good, here, drink some of this.



(Hum)



I seem good at this? Hah, I’m glad, actually. I’m really just guessing.



No, I’ve never passed out. Come close a couple of times. I used to run track in high school, and man, practice in the summer is brutal. All it takes is forgetting to drink enough water one time, and you’ll regret it forever.



Have you? Before this?



No? That’s good. Hopefully, this will never happen again.



(laughing)



Oh, it’s for both our sakes, trust me. I don’t think I could handle the stress of that again. That gave me more adrenaline than a triple shot of espresso.



You want to try standing up? Yeah, okay, Same drill as last time, here hold my hands. We’ll go slowly.



You good?



Only a little dizzy. Alright, let me know if it doesn’t pass and we’ll go back down.



It’s passed?



(a sigh of relief)



Good.



How did you get here? Did you walk, or drive?



You walked. Okay, here let me walk you home.



I can close the shop for a little while. We’re slow today anyway, and Sadie’s going to clock in in like an hour. I’ll just say I took an extended lunch break. I don’t want you out in the rain, alone. If something happens again, you need someone with you.



Thank you, I just need to take of my apron and lock up and then we can head out.



[Keys in a lock. Rain falling]



Which way do you live? That way? Okay.



You don’t have to thank me, you know. I really meant what I said. I’m happy to help, and I’m especially happy to help you.



What does that mean? Just, you’re a good…customer. A good customer, yeah, and I’d hate to lose you.



I am not a terrible liar. I didn’t even lie, you are a good customer.



And? And, uh, you’re a cool person too. One that, well, I wouldn’t mind knowing a little better outside of work.



You’d like that? Really? You don’t have to say that, just because I’m walking you home. I promise, I’m not like, crazy or anything. I can take no for an answer.



You mean it?



When do I get off my shift today? Um, around four I think.



Yeah, I would like to get dinner. I can pick you up maybe? Now that I know where you live.



Yeah? Great. Oh, and this is you? Take the afternoon to rest, okay. Oh, and here, it’s your mocha. It’s probably cold by now, and I’m really not condoning you drinking more caffeine, but it’s your order and you came in for it.



(mock annoyance)



Yes, okay, and I wanted you to see the foam heart I put on it



I really do mean it, take care of yourself this afternoon, okay? And I’ll see you later? For dinner?



Yeah, see you soon.“(sinister chuckle) At last…”

…

“You kept me waiting for so long.”

…

“Oh, there’s no need to be frightened. You’re perfectly safe here.”

…

(amused) “Ah-ah. Put that down. It’s very old and if you try to hit me with it it’s going to break.”

…

“You’d be wise to do what I say, else you end up in a worse off position.“

…

“I don’t need to resort to violence or simple tricks to keep you from causing any harm to either of us.”

…

(cryptic) “My magic can do more than just transport you around. You’d do well to remember that.”

…

“Would you like a demonstration?”

…

“Are we clear then?”

…

“Good.”

…

“Now then. Let’s see here.”

…

“Don’t move.”

…

“I’m just having a look. I’m not going to hurt you.”

…

“Hm…”

…

“Such a pretty face…”

…

“Hm? Don’t take compliments well?”

…

“(chuckle) If you think I’d use my magic to snatch the first attractive person I see, then you are sorely mistaken.”

…

“Now that’s a bit presumptuous, don’t you think?”

…

“What do you take me for, some kind of low life voyeur? There’s no pride in using underhanded tactics to view someone in their most vulnerable state. The real victory is getting someone to do it for you willingly.”

…

“Whether I’m interested or not is completely irrelevant. It’s ultimately what you decide to do that matters.”

…

(amused) “Well, I wouldn’t mind it. I expect the rest of you to be just as beautiful. But I’ll leave that up to the imagination for now.”

…

“Rest assured there’s a lot to be left to it. All I’m privy to is that sweet face of yours…and the mark on your chest.”

…

“(chuckle) What did I say? There have been no unwarranted looks toward you in any way.”

…

“Let’s just say I was given permission at one point in time. No need to get ruffled over it.”

…

“Hm. In a way we’ve met before. Just not in a typical sense. You weren’t exactly aware of me at the time.”

…

“Considering you were unconscious, you wouldn’t exactly remember that encounter.”

…

“Oh enough of that. It was in a strictly professional setting. I only saw what I needed to.”

…

“Well it was necessary to your parents, I can tell you that much.”

…

“You were in desperate need of help. So they came to me.”

…

“They said you had been sick for some time and that it had taken its toll on you. I’ll say, you definitely looked the part. You were pale as a ghost when they brought you over.”

…

“I’m not a physician. Just a simple sorcerer who knows a thing or two about giving people what they want.”

…

“I can’t say I was their first choice, but they had very few options. And sometimes you’ve just got to trust a few miscreants along the way to get things done.”

…

“People will resort to anything if it’s for the sake of a loved one. Children in particular will have their parents go to the ends of the earth for them. Especially when they’re dead.”

…

(amused) “Oh? Didn’t see the light for a bit while you were out? That’s what they all say after having come back from the brink.”

…

“No, seriously, you were gone. Stiff as a board. Couldn’t feel a single pulse on you.”

…

“Well, that’s exactly why they brought you to me. They couldn’t bear to see you die before them.”

…

“Honestly, I’m kind of surprised how long you’d lasted with that condition before your heart gave out. Most don’t make it as long as you did.”

…

"I’ve seen several families come in with loved ones who have succumbed to the same illness. But you’re the only one who lived to adulthood.”

…

“Oh, I didn’t revive any of them. Much too risky and not worth the payment.”

…

“The issue is that it’s a bit of a one time deal. Or at least from what I can gather. The method I used only allows me to perform it once. That is unless I can figure out how to do it again without compromising both of our lives.”

…

“Yes. Both of us would be sent to an early grave if I were a bit too ambitious. And I don’t think you’d want to relive that time before, would you?”

…

“We’ve become intrinsically linked as a result of me doing this for you.”

…

“(chuckle) Well…would you believe me if I told you that the heart that beats within your chest is none other than my own?”

…

“It does sound odd, doesn’t it?”

…

“It’s a power created by the progenitors of magic that has been passed on for generations. To give life is the ultimate proof of one’s mastery of the art.”

…

“Unfortunately, it’s the only way we know how to revive the dead. One life must be used to bring back another.”

…

“In this case, it means I had to give you my heart for you to live.”

…

“Still a bit too far-fetched for you, hm?”

…

“Why don’t I prove it to you then?”

…

“First let me show you this.”

…

[sfx: Clothes ruffling]

…

“You recognize it, don’t you?”

…

“That’s right. Same marking as yours.”

…

“Now place your hand over where my heart should be.”

…

“Don’t be shy. Nothing bad will happen if you do.”

…

“That’s it. Come a little bit closer.”

…

“Now put your hand here.”

…

“Right there. Very good.”

…

“Nothing, right?”

…

“Is that enough to make you believe?”

…

“Oh, no other sorcerer could have given up their heart to you. If they had, they would have felt you within my presence and snatched you away by now.”

…

(amused) “(chuckle) Even if I had somehow blocked your own presence from them, that just goes to show how weak they are. And it’s further proof of how much better of a choice I am in the end. You’re much safer under my care.”

…

“But I’m not going to let others take the credit for my work. It’s my heart that gives you life. No one else’s.”

…

“Hm?”

…

“(chuckle) It’s quite simple why I chose to bring you back over the countless others who have lost their lives.”

…

“You are everything that I’ve ever wanted.”

…

“From the moment I laid eyes on you, I knew you were the one.”

…

“And as I’ve felt every beat that heart has made since you took your first breath, that want has only grown more and more.”

…

“I wish I could have brought you home sooner, but your parents and I had a deal. And it wouldn’t have been fair to take away the last five years they would ever have with you.”

…

“But it was worth the wait. Their time is up and the spell that connects us has brought you back to me. And now we can spend the rest of our days together until death takes us.”

…

“The moment that heart stops beating, it means the end for both of us. We share one life, and when one succumbs, so does the other. Just like two little lovebirds. It’s poetic in a way.”

…

“Now don’t you worry. We will have the rest of our lives to come to love each other that way. You will know and love me as I do with you.”

…

“Our connection runs deeper than just being bound in life and death. Life is shared in many ways between us. Every heartbeat has a story and a feeling attached to it. And each one has given me a greater picture of who you are.”

…

“I know that one of the first things you felt when you came to was gratitude. You felt immense joy when your parents told you that you had been ‘treated’. Isn’t that right?”

…

“It’s something you’ve held onto ever since. And now you feel conflicted knowing the truth of it all.”

…

“Yes. Unfortunately that is the price for having a second chance. What you feel is no longer just yours. It will always be a part of me too.”

…

“But you can always be sure that there will be no misunderstandings between us. You will never have to worry about your needs or wants going unnoticed. And I can tell right now that you’d like some reassurance that everything will be okay.”

…

“I can say with absolute certainty that that heart will give you a long life. One where you don’t have to fear if your next day will be your last.”

…

“It’s my duty to make sure of that. For both of our sakes.”

…

“Yes. It’s in my best interest to make sure you are happy from now on. And that means giving you what you need.”

…

“Right now you desire comfort. Something simple to put you at ease. And there’s one thing I know that can.”

…

“(sigh) You used to love having your cheek stroked like this.”

…

“It’s making your heart flutter now, isn’t it? (chuckle)”

…

“It feels nice, doesn’t it?”

…

“(content sigh)”

…

(gentle) “I have my own desires, too, you know?”

…

“Would you let me indulge in one?”

…

“It’s something you’ve fantasized about in the past. You never thought you’d live to experience it with what little time you had.”

…

“But now you have all the time in the world for it. There’s nothing holding you back anymore.”

…

“The heart never lies. I know how strong that feeling is within you.”

…

“Let me prove it to you then.”

…

“(kissing)”

…

“The heart truly speaks for itself, doesn’t it?”

…

"You've wanted that and so much more, haven't you?"

…

"And you can have all of it. You have a whole life ahead of you to fulfill everything you've ever dreamed of."

…

“Yes. Let this be the first experience of many.”Hey, gorgeous, you’re looking…

(quick exhale)

Hey… honey, I…

*small pause*

No, that’s still not right! Come on, |Speaker’s Name|! We’ve got this. Focus!

*small pause*

Hello my… pet..? No, that’s stupid! I had this all planned out, why does it sound so dumb now?

(sigh)

Maybe I should just-

[listener thrashes]

(yelp)

You’re awake! And I was… practicing at the mirror… I…

*small pause*

I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to mess up our introduction like this.

*small pause*

Please stop struggling! You look angry. And I didn’t tie those ropes very well. I-

[listener thrashes]

Don’t struggle more! I… I don’t want you to go yet! Please! Give me ten minutes! Just a bit to explain myself, and I’ll let you go!

*listener stops*

Thank you! I promise you won’t regret this! Here! Let me cut the ropes right now! To prove I’ll let you leave when all of this is over!

[ropes snip]

There! You’re free! Well, you were always free. I could never have actually kept you here against your will. I… I love you too much.

*listener questions*

Yes, love. I know, it’s a dumb way to show it. I… I should start from the beginning.

*small pause*

I see you in the morning every day. We both grab coffee at the same time. When I first saw you, I was blown away! You looked amazing and at like, six in the morning no less! Every morning, I had a pep in my step because I knew I’d get to see my coffee shop crush!

*small pause*

I… I guess I knew that’s all we’d ever be. One-sided pining and oblivious existence. I didn’t mind it too much. I was fine with just getting to see you. But… well… all of this started because I told one of my friends about you. She’s… she is… well, there’s no nice way to say this… she’s the Moonlight Killer.

*listener starts*

Don’t panic! The news doesn’t have the whole story! She doesn’t kill ~all~ her victims!

{quietly}

Just, most of them.

(clear throat)

She fell in love with a vampire. She has them locked up in her basement, and she kidnaps people to feed her love. And well… we’ve been friends since birth, so… I still hang out with her.

*small pause*

Anyway um… I told her about my crush, you, and she suggested that I just kidnapped you! I told her I couldn’t do that, but, she always talked about it, and about how happy her and her vampire were, and how well it worked, and…

*small pause*

Well, she wore me down. I knew I wouldn’t catch your attention naturally, and I don’t have that je ne sais quoi to approach someone as hot as you, so… it kind of felt like my only option.

*small pause*

So… she loaned me some pills. She actually tried to give me a bunch of stuff but, a lot of it was extremely violent so I turned her down. I took the pills and just, slipped them all in your coffee one day. Turns out, if you drag a well-dressed, unconscious body to your car, no one cares as long as you say, “Their blood sugar is too low”.

*small pause*

I drove you back here to my, “basement”. Although, it is just the guest bathroom with the windows covered. My friend said the basement detail was important so I tried to re-create it the best I could but, my apartment only has one level. It’s the thought that counts, right?

*listener responds*

So um… yeah… Wow, did it suddenly get hot in here, or are you just staring at me?

*listener speaks*

I… uh… Do you… what do you think about all that?

*listener states*

Thanks, I put a lot of time into hiding the sink! But um… that’s not really what I meant.

*listener agrees*

You’re uh… you’re standing up. Are you leaving now, because, I wouldn’t blame you! I can lead you to the door if…

[dull thud]

(yelp)

Why did you pin me?

*listener deflects*

Do I like it? Well, I… you’re definitely very strong and… I already told you you’re attractive and… you’re breathing down my neck so…

(whine)

*listener speaks*

{high-pitched}

Yes, I-!

(clear throat)

Yes, I um… I like it.

*small pause*

A little bit.

*pause*

So… does that mean you’re not mad anymore? About the kidnapping thing?

*listener speaks*

Well um… that’s good! That’s great! So, does that mean I’ll hear from you again? After I let you go?

*listener confirms*

Phone numbers? Yeah, that’s smart! Here, what’s your number?

*listener states*

And… send! There! That text is me. |Speaker’s Name|.

*pause*

So um… I… I had a plan for a second step if this one went okay. Well, it wasn’t much of a plan, more like a request.

*listener questions*

Now um… I don’t know you very well, so I don’t know how you might react to this but… I… I… have a hard time falling asleep.

*listener asks*

No, that’s not the weird thing. I… I have a lot of stuff that helps me sleep but um… they’re all basically just different ways to simulate falling asleep next to someone else.

*listener questions*

Yeah, I’ve got a pillow with a heartbeat, and heater, a cloth sleeve thing that grips me, you know, all the stuff a human would do if… if I was dating someone.

*small pause*

I’m not asking you to fall asleep next to me! That’d be really forward when we barely even know each other’s names! But um… I was kind of hoping to ask you for something that’s arguably, more creepy.

*small pause*

This is a… video camera. And… I wanted you to um… Set it up on your bed so I could… watch you sleep.

*listener looks*

It’s the only weird thing I want to do! I promise! After this, it can be normal meet-ups or dates or whatever you want! I just… I’d really like to see you more. And you can stay in front of a camera pretty easily when you sleep and it’ll help me fall asleep too so it’s two birds, one stone and I thought that maybe you’d… say yes?

*listener agrees*

You’ll do it for a kiss? I… um… yes! Yes, please! Are you going to lean down or should I-

(kiss interrupts)

That was… amazing! You… You’ve been really forward, and not at all like what she said a kidnapped person is like! I… I think I need to go lay down!

*small pause*

Um… the front door is right this way. I think it’s time I let you go but… I’ll see you tomorrow, right? Over coffee? And I can text if I want to see you before then!

*listener agrees*

I… Thanks! I’m glad you took this well. I’ll uh… see you tomorrow, I guess.

*listener speaks*

I love you too?!Honey? (enthusiastic) You're home! Ah, you're home, you're home, you're home! (suddenly reserved and cool) Uhm, I mean, look who finally decided to pop up! Seems like you've been taking your sweet time, mister! Oh, there was a traffic jam! Is that so? My, how unfortunate!

What? No, I didn't miss you! I was annoyed that you kept me waiting for this long because apparently you can't be bothered to for once spend some time with your girlfriend!

Hey, what are you doing? Yeah, I can see that you are hanging up your coat, duh! Well, aren't we forgetting something? Like, I dunno, maybe we wanna give our beloved girlfriend a kiss? Or something? I dunno? (Kissing sound) Sheesh, finally! What? Yeah, okay, maybe I missed you a little. But I was mostly annoyed!

So, what did you get for dinner? Huh, what? Yeah, I know this was my day off. So what? No, I didn't go grocery shopping. I had stuff to do! What? Well, stuff. Important stuff! Never mind!

Anyways, now that you are finally here, we can finally spend some quality time together. Come here, to the couch! I'm super-exhausted, I'm gonna take a nap. Come on, lay down! I wanna use you as a pillow. What? I don't care that you're not sleepy! I'm sleepy, that should be enough! Now stop being so difficult! (a series of cute little groans and hrumphs as she snuggles into you)

Meow. (brief silence) Uhm, hello? I said “meow”! What do you mean, “so what”? When I say “meow”, that's your cue to start giving me ear scritchies! Gosh, one could think you were doing this for the first time!

Finally! There we go. (starts purring) Wh- what? No, I don't “love” this! It's – alright. You are doing an okay job. Now don't let that get to your fat head!

What? Yeah, my paws are cold. That's why I'm putting them under you jumper, duh! You are my boyfriend, it is your solemn duty to keep my paws warm. Now hold still, I'm searching for the warmest spot.

Oh, what is it now? I'm kneading you, that's a sign of affection, dumbass! Could you perchance stop making so much noise? I'm trying to get some sleep here, remember? Whoa! You did not just suggest that I should trim my claws, did you? I'll have you know that there are a lot of Neko boys out there who find my claws very attractive, you know? I don't see why you are making so much of a fuss about it, anyway. You should barely feel them through your jumper, you wussy! Oh, I still have my paws under your jumper? Whoopsie, my bad! Oh, come on, don't be such a baby! You want a band-aid?

And who said you could stop giving me ear scritchies? Ah, that's it! That's the spot! You know, come to think of it, you really only need one hand to give me ear scritchies. So I don't see why we should let your other hand sit idle while it could give me – uhm – back rubs! Yeah, I want back rubs now! (content sigh) Oh, yeah! Huh? What is it? Oh, sorry, I can't help it, I start kneading you when I'm relaxed! Yeah, okay, I'll pull my paws out of your jumper. You wussy! If you do not care at all that your poor girlfriend will get icy cold paws... Excuse me? I didn't mangle you! I might potentially have given you a few loving little scratches.

(sad/pleading voice) Don't you love me anymore? I was all alone the whole day and waiting for you to come home. I just want a little love and affection, that's all, but all I get from my boyfriend is gripe! “Oh, you didn't go grocery shopping! Oh, your paws are too cold! Oh, you are clawing up my chest!” I just want some cuddles and scritchies and to snuggle up to your chest when I fall asleep so I can feel safe and protected, but you don't love me anymore! (contrived whimpering) Oh, you do? (back to normal, bratty voice) Well, you could tell me a bit more often! Would that hurt you or something? Me? What do you mean? Yeah, of course I do! Hello? I'm letting you scritch my ears. Do you think I would do that if I didn't love you? Well, okay, if you insist: I love you. There! Now, your turn! (brief pause) Yeah, okay, but how much do you love me? Come on, use some adjectives here! (brief pause) Oh, well, I guess you did your best.

(cuddly groans and hrumphs again, voice getting sleepy) Enough with all the babble! I wanna catch some sleep here. We're gonna make dinner when I wake up, okay? Can we have blueberry pancakes? What? I don't care that pancakes are breakfast food! I want blueberry pancakes! And who decided that pancakes are breakfast food, anyway? They certainly didn't ask me for my opinion! Stop disagreeing with me and give me back rubs! And scritchies! And kisses! And- (voice drifts off into unintelligible, sleepy murmur) I love you. (murmur) You wussy.[Scene opens on the city streets outside a fancy restaurant]

[SFX: A call being made and then answered]

“Hello? Now really isn’t a good time, Miguel!”

[SFX: Faint gunshots]

“Actually, hang on, I think I have one more grenade!”

[SFX: An explosion and the Speaker cackling maniacally]

“THAT’S RIGHT, YOU BITCH-ASS-!”

[Pause?]

[The second he hears your voice, his voice turns sugary sweet. Adoring]

“Baby! Oh, honey bunny, I didn’t realize it was you. My super cute little ringtone for you was drowned out by all the gunfire, haha. How’s your day going, sweetie?”

[Pause?]

“...oh, fuck. Stan! STAN, YOU DENSE CLOWN-NOSED BITCH! You were supposed to remind me I had a dinner date! Stop bleeding out and answer for your crimes! Oh, for fuck’s… here, have a bandaid, you baby.”

[Pause?]

[His voice tilts back again, sweeter than honey]

“Baby, I am SO gosh-darned sorry. I was just finishing up on set and lost track of time! Don’t you worry, I’m on my way now, I’m gonna buy you a whole jewelry store, OK? Then we can go look at the kittens, I know how much you love adopting animals and taking care of them. Does that sound OK?”

[...]

“...a-a…a break?”

[SFX: The chaos in the background silencing itself]

“No. No, no, no baby! Baby! C’mon now, I know I messed up, but I’ll buy you a private island if that makes you happy! OK?!”

[Pause…]

“Emotionally unavailable? No, no no no no no, Baby! Baby, please, you know Donnie loves his little sugar angel, right? You know he does! No, don’t move in with your sister, baby-!”

[He falls quiet while you assure him you still love him, there’s no one else, you just need to evaluate your priorities while he evaluates his]

“Baby! No, c’mon, don’t do this! Please, c’mon, I’m getting in the limo right now, I’ll take you to a trillion star lunch and we can talk about this!”

[Pause]

“Damnit, I love you, too! I don’t want to let you go, OK?! Baby! NO, DON’T SAY YOU GOTTA GO-!”

[SFX: The call ending and, inevitably, your phone blowing up with calls and texts]

[It hardly takes ten minutes before his car pulls up alongside you as you walk your way home]

[SFX: A limo rolling along and a car window rolling down]

“Baby! Oh, I’m so glad I found you! No, don’t stop the car, just maintain this slow speed, driver!”

[He steps out of the limo, lugging an absurd amount of flowers]

“Baby, look! Look at all these pretty flowers, all for you! You could use some of that powder you have at home to plant them! Daddy bought you that greenhouse in your penthouse, remember? You were so happy!”

[Pause]

[He makes his usual slew of frustrated noises]

“OK, OK! No problem! Flowers no fix, OK, sure, putting them back in the limo! H-Here, how about this? It’s that diamond-sapphire necklace you said was pretty! See? Mmhm, it’s from a rare sunken ship, Baby, isn’t that neat? You love your historical antiques. See?! I listen! I care!!!”

[Pause]

[He deflates as you put your hand on his shoulder]

“No…? Donnie no fix? B-But…”

[Pause]

“Baby, no, I know that lingo. You saying you need a break means you’re gonna dump me proper! And then I’m going to have to live without you and a-agh… N-No, I can’t, I can’t do that again! I’ll worry constantly, Baby! What if someone gets you, huh?! What if I can’t find my Baby?!”

[Pause]

“OK…O-OK, space… Right, right, right, yes, space, mmhm… There isn’t another guy, right? Not that I don’t trust you but I know how sweet and innocent you can be and if someone fucking takes advantage of that and hurts you I am going to have to murder anyone that’s important to them…”

[He flinches as you cup his jawline but melts as you stroke his hair back]

“Mhm… Oh, your touch is so soothing… Keeps all the crazy out for a bit, haha…”

[Pause]

[He sighs, head hung]

“...OK. I’ll give you some space… But you’ll come home, right? Pinkie promise?”

[You pinkie promise and head on your way while your boyfriend watches you go, sadly clutching at a warehouse-sized bouquet]

[Scene transitions to your sister’s apartment]

[You get home from picking up some groceries and notice a few things as you come back inside: namely, the kitchen window being broken and your boyfriend sitting on the couch]

[...Pause…?]

[He rocks a little, claps his hands a few times and looks at you then looks away]

“So, um, I broke in. A little. Just a little! I gave your sister a few million, and bought some pizza for her kid.”

[Pause?]

[He gives a small, manic laugh]

“Am I OK??? No. No, I feel like I’m dying without you. It’s only been a few hours and I miss you so badly, I’m scared, I’m terrified, I NEED you, I need to protect you, every day, all the time… I’ll burn this fucking city to the ground if someone hurts you, OK?”

[Pause]

“Oh, right, babber in the house. I will burn this fricking city to the fricking ground!”

[You sit by him and he immediately just melts in your arms]

“Baby… Please tell me what you need from me to stay. Pretty please? I will do literally anything, sweetheart. Anything!”

[Pause]

[He sighs and pouts against your chest as you play with his hair]

“...You just want me to spend more time with you when I make commitments… Mmh, I know, I know I’ve been bad about that… I promise, I’m not trying to love-bomb you, Baby. Gift giving is my love language, you know?”

[Pause]

“Mhrlglrr, fine… I admit my emotional availability has been shite, even for a crime lord. It’s hard, you know? Throwing grenades and thinking about kissing you, shivving a guy while wondering what you might be doing… I miss you, too, honey bunny. I really do, and if we break-up, I just… I don’t know what I’d do…”

[Pause]

“Yeah, I know you don’t like how brutal my work can be. I know… But I gotta remind the boys who’s boss, you know? It’s gotten a lot safer! We introduced those cute little armor sets you recommended. Hmhm, you’re so smart, Baby. The boys love the daily donuts you suggested. You give this crime syndicate a… human side, I suppose… You give me a human side.”

[Pause]

[He grumbles as you play with his hair]

“Mrarl… Shut up, I am not “cute” when I’m needy. I was beating a guy’s head in earlier today and you’ve got me sat here, emotionally vulnerable, a little broken glass in my suit, telling you how important you are to me…”

[Pause]

[He sighs and pulls you close, still pouting]

“I love you, too… And if you date anyone else, I will make them disappear, you remember that. You’re my Baby. No one else’s, not ever. OK, honey bunny? Daddy doesn’t want to have to kill anyone…”

[That last sentence is very sing-song]

[Pause]

[He makes what you can best describe as: “happy crime boss noises” and nuzzles up to you]

“OK, Baby… I’m sorry I intruded on your space here. Could I maybe make it up to you with some breakfast? Maybe a shopping trip to the mall? Or, whatever you want to do. As long as I’m with you, OK?”

[<3 Pause <3]

[He giggles and gives you a big, domineering, passionate kiss]

“Mmh, kisses. I love my kisses from my Baby. I’ll pick you up at 10 AM, OK? I know you like to sleep in.”

[<3]

[He smiles and stands, going back to the busted window]

“Alright, I reckon I can jump through the window without cutting myself to ribbons… Hmm? Oh, right… the front door. Haha, you’re so smart, my cutie pie. Don’t fall in love with anyone else, OK, or I’ll kill ‘em! Haha, OK, love you Baby. See you tomorrow!”

[Despite your suggestion, he still…]

[SFX: Glass shattering again]

“...Woo, cleared it! Got the love of my life back! Potentially cut my calf open but that’s OK, woo!”

[He grins at you and vaults the balcony railing with one final:]

“I love yoooouuuuu!”

[SFX: A crash and maniacal giggling]

“I GOT ‘EM BACK, BOYS! YOUR BOSS AIN’T SINGLE NO MORE!”

[SFX: A fairly loud cheer and a limo peeling away]

[...he has his good qualities]

[The End?][Impressed] So *that’s* what your wolf form looks like.
[Excited, impressed] I heard the stories of course, but good lord, look at you!
[Excited, impressed] You are *terrifying*.
We vampires are pretty strong, but you are on another level entirely.
(Chuckle)
[Teasing] If I didn’t have you all wrapped around my little finger, I would be hightailing it out of here right now.
[Curious] So, how does it feel?
[Curious] Can you still...
[Hesitant] Uhhh.
[Concerned] Are you doing all right?
Hey hey hey, easy, *easy*!
It's me.
Calm down.
[Fearful, dread] Oh no, did you break free?
[Nervous] Down, boy.
[Still nervous, but more firm] Down.
(sfx:fingersnap)
 
 
(Nervous chuckle)
[Relieved] You had me worried there for a moment.
 
[She turns predatory from this point on, concern is gone, she’s toying with prey now]
 
[Predatory] But I can see that you *felt* that.
That you haven't *entirely* broken free from my control, after all.
[Amused, incredulous] Ohohoh. Snarling at me?
[A little venomous] If you want to behave like a mindless animal, I will *show* you what it really means, to be *mindless*.
(sfx:fingersnap)
(optional sfx: whooshing sound as she dodges)
[Amused, incredulous] Did you seriously just take a swing at me?
[Malicious] Oh, I'm going to *enjoy* bringing you to heel.
(sfx:fingersnap)
[optional sfx: whooshing sound as she dodges]
[Teasing] Too *slow*!
(sfx:fingersnap)
(optional sfx: whooshing sound as she dodges)
[Teasing] Oh, even a human could have dodged that one.
[Mocking] What’s the matter?
Body feeling a little sluggish?
Mind growing a little dim?
(Chuckle)
[Malicious] Good.
(sfx: snap)
[Mocking] Not so steady on your feet now, are you?
Or should I say, on your paws?
(Chuckle)
Ooh!
(optional sfx: whooshing sound as she dodges)
Was that supposed to hit me?
Just give up, you’re only embarrassing yourself now.
(sfx:fingersnap)
 
[Amused] Such a curious expression on your face.
Is that fear, I see?
Are you starting to realize the predicament you are in?
(sfx:fingersnap)
(Chuckle)
[Mocking] Come now, Pet, where is that vaunted werewolf aggression?
You were so *eager* to get your claws on me before.
Surely you can’t actually be trying to back away from me?
[Malicious] I suppose I will have to come to you, then.
(Chuckle)
You can't escape me, Pet.
You. Are. *Mine*.
(sfx:fingersnap)
[Mock concern] Careful.
I thing your knees are starting to buckle, there.
[Mock concern] Is it that hard to remain standing, Pet?
That's all right.
You can just *kneel*, then.
(sfx:fingersnap)
Good boy.
Drop for me.
(sfx:fingersnap)
(Chuckle)
[Mocking] Are you doing all right?
Are your eyes having trouble focusing?
[Mock pity] Awww, Pet.
[Condescending] Let me help you.
Look.
Look here.
Right in front of you.
Focus.
Can you see it?
Those are my fingers.
And you know what happens when I snap them.
(sfx:fingersnap)
(Chuckle)
[Amused] I can't believe you are still managing to cling to consciousness.
You really are *impressively* tenacious.
But between werewolf brawn and vampire cunning, it's obvious which is superior.
[Amused] Although, I will be the first to admit that [making fun of her ploy] "please let me entrance you, it will help you, honest" wasn't the most *ingenious* plot I ever came up with...
[Amused, pleased with herself] But hey, you can't argue with the results.
(Chuckle)
Not much going on anymore in that empty mind of yours, is there?
I’d better end this, before you drool all over my nice floor.
Let me just take hold of your muzzle… and tilt your head up… up... up…
Yesss.
Look at me.
Look into my eyes.
Good boy.
Now *sleep*.
(sfx:fingersnap)
 
[Optional: unintelligible whispers, fading out]
 
 
[Pause]
And awake again.
Now-
[Slight panic] No, no, look into- [was going to say look into my eyes, but cuts off as the werewolf breaks free]
(Astonished chuckle) I can’t believe you actually managed to look away from me. 
[Admonishing herself] I got careless.
[Pause]
[Sounding reasonable, exceedingly friendly] We aren’t done yet, Pet.
Look back into my eyes, please.
[Pause]
(Sigh)
[Admonishing] Come now, don’t be so stubborn.
This is for your own good.
Look into my eyes, Pet.
I know you can do it.
Aww, let me just cup…
[Admonishing] Pet! You shouldn’t growl at your Mistress.
[Pitying] I didn’t realize you were so *confused*.
It’s all right.
I won’t touch you.
Just… listen to my voice then.
I will explain things to you.
I am your Mistress, Pet.
Your Owner.
You obey me.
You remember, don't you?
I am your Mistress, and you obey.
Oh my poor little Pet.
Don’t growl.
You must be suffering some kind of delirium.
It's all right.
I can help you... but you *have* to look into my eyes.
You do remember looking into my eyes, don’t you?
My pretty, pretty eyes?
Yes, you remember them.
You remember how my eyes make you feel.
You’re imagining them right now, aren’t you?
My gorgeous, enthralling eyes.
Think about how *good* it feels to lose yourself in them.
Yesss.
My eyes make you feel so calm.
So relaxed.
So pleasantly blank.
It's a wonderful feeling, isn't it?
And that's just the *memory* of my eyes.
I can make you feel so much better still.
[Kind, gentle] Just look into my eyes, Pet.
[Kind, gentle] Look into my eyes.
Yesss.
[Pleased] There we go.
[Cold, commanding] Look into my eyes.
[Cold, commanding] Look *deeply* into my eyes.
 
(Chuckle)
[Amused] You really are stubborn.
Don’t worry, we can fix that.
[A hint of malice] You won't even *understand* what freedom *means* when I am through with you.
Just keep looking into my eyes.
[Amused] Well, it’s not like you have a choice anymore now.
(Chuckle)
[Musing] All that muscle. All that *strength*.
And yet… look at you now.
Completely helpless.
Putty in my hands.
 
(Chuckle)
[Excited] A *werewolf*!
 
Completely in my power.
Completely in my thrall.
 
And falling deeper all of the time.
Fallng deeper with every second you spend looking into my eyes.
Yes.
Open your mind to me.
Listen.
And sleep (sfx: fingersnap)
 
[Optional: unintelligible whispers, fading out]
 
Wakey, wakey.
Let me get a look at you.
(Chuckle)
Yes, much better.
You're my good boy now, aren't you?
Yes!
Yes, you are!
[Amused] Look at you.
So calm and relaxed, without a care in the world.
So happy and content.
[Affectionate] My gentle giant.
[Amused] My very own domesticated werewolf.
[Affectionate] My pet.
Come on, get on the sofa with me.
Rest your head on my lap.
Good boy.
Let me scratch behind your ears.
[Pause]
Mmm, this is nice.
You like ear skritches, huh?
Yes.
Yes you do.
You big furball, you.
My good boy.
(Chuckle)
I could get used to this.
(Sigh)
[Confiding, wistful] I don’t know how much you can still understand right now but… I want you to know that I won’t keep you like this.
I got a bit carried away.
[Teasing] You brought out the predator in me.
I’ll return you to your senses, when you go back to your human form.
Later.
[Teasing] You can be my lovable pet for a while longer.
[Pause]
You’ll have to work on keeping control in wolf form, you know.
[Reassuring] Don't worry, I will help you.
[Pause]
[Teasing] Although, I wouldn’t mind if you don’t get the hang of it right away.
[Teasing] I'd love to have an excuse to do this again. It was fun.
Mmm.
Maybe I don't even need an excuse.
Let's have a little chat about it, once you’re back to yourself.
[Teasing] Although… Maybe I should just do most of the talking.
[Teasing] You can do the listening.
(Amused chuckle, she’s kidding)
[Content sighing] Ahhh.
[Content] I’m so *glad* you decided to stay with me.
[Amused, teasing] And not just because it’s so much *easier* to control you when you think you have a choice.
(Amused chuckle, she’s kidding)
[Appreciative, musing] Ahh, so soft and fluffy.
[Pause]
(chuckle) Such a big yawn, Pet.
Are you tired?
Mmm.
You did have an exciting night.
Take a little nap in my lap then.
Yes, just go to sleep.
Sleep.
Good boy.[Your day starts as any other, working your small stall of sweets in the park. 3pm hits, and your favourite customer comes along looking very stressed. The single father makes he way towards you, his daughter running circles around him]

(on the phone, very stressed) Yes I to book one of your character impersonators for my kids birthday party, yes I need to book – What was that princess name… Oh sweetie, sweetie don’t put candy in your hair, remember last time when it hurt a lot and took a lot of time for daddy to get out? – Yes I’m still here, I need to book ah, do you do a Ralph? Or Felix and Calhoun? Yes I know those aren’t princesses but they’re Disney characters right? No please don’t hang up!-

Dammit. That’s another phone call I need to make later. (now towards listener) I’m sorry about that, party planning is more stressful than I thought it would be. I feel like the entire world will come crushing down if I don’t get everything right for my sweetie. Shit, where is she? Ruth? RUTH? Where did she run off to?-

Ah! Don’t run off from daddy, okay? If you want your after school treat you need to stick by my side, okay sweetie? That’s better, now would you like to choose your treat from the pretty lady? Okay okay, calm down, no need to jump all over the place, whilst it is very cute you can’t eat if you’re bouncing everywhere

Hi again, sorry we’re a little more hectic than normal, birthday planning has kind of thrown a wrench in our normal routine so we’ve been very off track today. This morning I forgot to pack her lunch after being up all night ordering the right party supplies, so we had to grab her a Subway on the way. Subway has saved me so many times when we’ve been running late, it helps that its right next to the school too.

I must be talking you ear off, can Ruth get one of your strawberry cake pops and then could I have a chocolate one? My daughter is always so hyper having one of these so hopefully is has the same effect on me. All this party planning has really drained the energy out of me.

Wait, you’ve done kid parties before? I thought you didn’t have any kids? (small pause) I guess it would make sense for you to help with party planning with your business and all. Do all parents struggle with planning their kids birthday parties? It feels like it might be the end of the world if I get one detail wrong.

(small chuckle) Yes! Okay, I’m glad I’m not the only parent that feels this way. I know with two parents it probably makes planning easier but with just me I feel like a cookie about to crumble. (small pause) Wait, you can help? Really? I was beginning to think I was just a lost cause on this.

I will trust your expertise on kids party planning, guide me with your expert knowledge… too much? I thought so too. Anyway, here is my number, we can meet up at mine and discuss plans over a glass of wine? Text me any ideas you have. Thank you so much, you’re a life saver. (away from listener) Ruth! Come on now, and I’ll see you later.

[Time passes, you wait with anticipation at the single dads door. It takes a good minute before he answers the door, his hair messy and shirt covered in toothpaste]

Hey! I’m so sorry I’m such a mess at the moment, little Ruth decided to she didn’t want to put the toothpaste on her toothbrush and instead decided to smear it all over me. Make yourself at home, I already set up some wine glasses in the kitchen so I thought we could brainstorm ideas around the table as soon as I get my little troublemaker to bed and change my shirt.

[He walks away, leaving you to snoop around – I mean make yourself at home. There’s Disney Princess dolls scattered across the room, a plastic castle shaped out of candy, and each of the Wreck it Ralph racers neatly lined up at what seems to be a racetrack marked by two horse figures. You make your way into the kitchen, pouring yourself a glass whilst you wait.]

I’m sorry about making you wait, Ruth was a little lively tonight so convincing her to go to sleep was a battle. I think I may have given her too much bribing candy today, definitely learnt my lesson. Now, where do you recommend we start with this birthday party planning?

I guess the theme would be a good place to begin. Ruth is obsessed with Wreck-It-Ralph at the moment, she wants to dress up as Vanellope on the day. I think if we went with a mix of sweet and car themed stuff, or a way to combine it? Thinking about it too much makes my head spin.

I suppose balloons and decorations would be a good place to start. I was thinking like a similar one to the character she wants to dress up as? I think she has this blue-greenish jacket so that colour would be perfect. Oh yes! Sweet themed party supplies would be perfect to, and should be easy enough to find.

As for how many people, there’s 13 children and it’ll be just be me looking over it. Her mother said she wasn’t coming this year… oh no, we split when Ruth turned 2. She didn’t want to be a mother, so she gave me full custody and since then it’s just been me and my sweetie. I couldn’t ask for anything more, she’s my favourite thing in the entire world. Watching her grow has been amazing… since this is the first party I’m throwing her without her mother visiting, I want to make sure it’s extra special.

Before I bring the mood down, have you got any photos of previous cakes you’ve made for kids parties? Okay wow, you brought an entire folder?

[SFX: Paper flipping]

Holy – you made these cakes? Are you kidding? These are amazing! It’s hard to believe they’re made out of cake, they look almost too good. I say almost mainly because I know firsthand how great your baking skills are.

Don’t flatter yourself, Sugar. (small, awkward pause) Ah, Sorry, my daughter has been calling you Sugar lately and well I have too. She says you’re like the princess of all things sweet and sugar filled so Sugar it was…(flustered) well – ahem – um, yes. You do look like a princess – I mean at least that is what she tells me. Not that I don’t think you’re pretty! I think you’re stunning – I mean. (under breath) Shit…

It’s getting rather late and I don’t wish to keep you up all night. We can get together again tomorrow night to continue planning. Thanks so much for coming and helping me with the planning.

[He quickly hurries you out the door and shuts it as soon as you leave, slumping against it afterwards.]

Oh Sugar, what have I done?[The echo of a faint dripping in the distance]
 
[Dungeon ambience]
 
[Chains rattling]
 
Ah, good.  It seems you’ve finally woken up from your little nap.
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With a light laugh]  Shouldn’t you be worried about yourself right about now?  Besides, the well-being of your target isn’t any of your concern.
 
[Pause for response]
 
“Where are they (is she/he)?”  [With a laugh]  Same as you.  You’ve both been taken to the castle dungeon.  Trophies for our splendorous queen.  You should be grateful I’ve given you such a generous ending considering how much you’ve disappointed me.
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With contempt]  Don’t bother apologizing now.  You aren’t going to be getting any pity from me.  I paid you to do a job, and you haven’t delivered on your end of the bargain.
 
[Pause for response]
 
If you’re <trying>, then why did the soldiers hear the two of you <conversing> that night?  You didn’t forget about your assignment, did you?
 
[Pause for response]
 
[Suspiciously]  Complications?  Such as…?
 
[Pause for response]
 
Oh, but I think it <is> my concern.  After all, I hired you to do a <job>, and you aren’t doing it.  Don’t I have every right to wonder why it is that you aren’t getting things done?  [A beat]  It could be that you’ve grown to <care> about your target, could it?  [With a light laugh]  Now <that> would be a shame.  None of this would have happened if you’d just made sure they were (she/he was) dead that night.  [Ominously kind]  But not to worry.  You can make up for the mistakes you’ve made regarding this matter.
 
[Pause for response]
 
I’m giving you a chance to fix your mistakes.  If you agree to my terms, I’ll unlock your manacles.
 
[Pause for response]
 
The terms are simple.  I’ll bring the other prisoner here and give you what you need to do your job.  You kill your target here and now, and you’ll be free to go.  We can move past all of this and you won’t have to step foot on the battlefield for the remaining duration of this war.  [A beat]  You <do> want to live a peaceful life someday, don’t you?  I’ll even double what I originally paid you if you can manage it this time.  So, what do you say?
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With a laugh]  You don’t seem confident in your answer.  You know, for someone regarded as the best assassin in all the lands, you certainly do hesitate quite a bit.
 
[Pause for response]
 
Let you go and you’ll show me how willing you are to do it?  [Pleased]  Now <that’s> the fire I saw in you all those months ago.  It’s amazing what a little… persuasion can do for a person.  [A beat]  I’ll go get the little mouse for you, then.
 
[Footsteps echo on stone for a few seconds]
 
[Footsteps mix with the sound of chains rattling and the sound of a body being dragged]
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With a laugh]  Of course they aren’t (she/he isn’t) putting up a fight!  They’re (She’s/He’s) unconscious.  [A beat]  They (She/He) woke up a while before you did, and you should’ve seen the way they (she/he) thrashed about.  [With a light laugh]  Even begged me to spare your life.
 
[Pause for response]
 
Oh, yes.  I was just going to kill you both.  Present your body to the queen as a traitor and present the other one as a token of her victory.  No matter what, this war would have ended with them (him/her) slain at the queen’s feet.  A stubborn thing our little mouse is.  [A beat]  Did you know that the queen is the one who taught the little mouse how to wield a sword?
 
[Pause for response]
 
[Surprised] Spoke about the queen the night of the masquerade as if she was a stranger?  How typical of a Strombund royal family member.
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With a sigh]  Yes, tensions between the two families are rather… high, but the queen had always been gentle to the young heir.  [Disgusted]  And look at them (him/her) now.  The ungrateful little whelp.
 
[Pause for response]
 
[Angrily]  Do <not> come to their (his/her) defense!  Must I remind you of your place?  Such insolence from a person (man/woman) like you will not be tolerated.  Is that understood?
 
[Pause for response]
 
[Satisfied]  That’s more like it.
 
[Pause for response]
 
“Why aren’t they (isn’t she/isn’t he) waking up?”  It’s simple.  I put them (him/her) back to sleep using the pollen of the manataze* flower.  The effects will last much longer than you need to end all of this.
 
[Pause for response]
 
Mercy?  [With a laugh]  I suppose some might consider it a mercy, but I assure you, that wasn’t the intention.  I simply didn’t wish to deal with the sound of their (his/her) thrashing.  [A beat]  They don’t (She doesn’t/He doesn’t) deserve mercy.  Not after all the cruel things that have been said about the queen.
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With a sigh]  Contrary to what people might believe, she was much gentler in her youth, before she took the throne.  Many don’t understand the royal traditions in Valteria.  The royals don’t rule with an iron fist.  [A beat]  Besides, from what I heard, back when she was still a princess, the queen was going to present the Strombund royal family with a proposal for peace in the form of a potential suitor for the royal heir.  However, the ward she had been looking after and preparing had been taken and hidden away from her by the previous king of the Kingdom of Strombund.  Perhaps he felt the child was being used.  I can’t say, but nobody in the castle has heard anything of that ward since then.  [Sadly]  That loss embittered the queen.
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With a light laugh]  I suppose you’re right.  Perhaps it wasn’t important.  I was just… thinking about it was all.  [With a sigh]  Well, I suppose it’s time for you to finally put an end to this, isn’t it?  [A beat]  Now, what’s your weapon of choice?
 
[Pause for response]
 
Yes, your weapon of choice.  If you’d prefer, I’ll even let you use poison.  It <is> a special occasion, after all.  We’ll finally be ridding the queen of one of her most… persistent annoyances.
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With a light laugh]  A simple dagger, huh?  Well, I suppose even the simplest of things can get a job as big as this done.  Very well.
 
[They unlock the assassin’s manacles]
 
[There is a soft thud]
 
[They hold a dagger out]  Here.  Your weapon.
 
[The assassin takes the dagger in their hand and steps toward the unconscious heir]
 
[With a light laugh]  You’re shaking.  If you aren’t ready, you don’t have to do it right away.  Like I said before, the little mouse will be asleep for a while.  Manataze pollen is quite strong, after all.
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With a laugh]  “Does the queen know?”  What a question!  [A beat]  But no, the queen doesn’t know anything about our little arrangement.  I hired you for her sake, but she isn’t aware.  I thought that maybe if that royal <brat> was gone, the poor woman wouldn’t feel so guilty about expanding her kingdom.  It’s her only choice, after all.
 
[Pause for response]
 
“Innocent”?  You really think that <vermin> is innocent?  [With a click of their tongue]  Poor thing.  They’ve (She’s/He’s) got you wrapped around their (his/her) little finger, don’t they (doesn’t she/he)?  [A beat]  You know they don’t (she/he doesn’t) even know who you are, right?
 
[Pause for response]
 
Can get to know you?  [With a sigh]  I don’t quite think you understand.  The little mouse doesn’t see <you> when they (she/he) look(s) at you.  They (She/He) didn’t even recognize <me> at first, and I was once a very familiar presence in their (his/her) life.  You have no idea how long it takes to establish that kind of connection to them (him/her).  [A beat]  Besides, there won’t be an opportunity for them (him/her) to get to know you because they’ll (she’ll/he’ll) be dead after today.
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With a sigh]  Perhaps with this, the two kingdoms can finally unite under one ruler.  This is the only way we will ever know peace.
 
[The assassin tackles the guard to the ground]
 
[The guard yelps in pain and anger]
 
[Angrily]  What on earth are you doing?  <I> am not your enemy!
 
[Pause for response]
 
[Surprised]  You can’t be serious!  We had an agreement!  [A beat]  [With a sigh]  I should’ve known a person (man/woman) like you would take the first opportunity to strike me down.  Go on, then.
 
[Pause for response]
 
No, I’m not going to fight back.  My loyalties lie with the Queen of Valteria, and I fight for what is in her best interest.  [Gently]  And no matter what you think, this <was> in the queen’s best interest.  The end of this war is in her best interest.  It may have just started, but… nobody wants it to last.  Least of all, she.
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With a laugh]  You hesitate.  I think meeting the little mouse has caused you to grow soft.  [A beat]  But perhaps that isn’t necessarily a bad thing.  I admit that… a part of me wondered if you were really meant to be an assassin.  Not because you aren’t skilled.
 
[Pause for response]
 
Just a feeling.  [A beat]  You know if you let me live, I’ll send as many people as I can to hunt you down for treachery to the crown.
 
[Though hesitant, the assassin slits the guard’s throat]
 
[The dagger clangs to the ground]
 
[Fabric shifts and chains rattle as the assassin struggles to get the heir onto their back]
 
[The assassin begins to walk through the dungeon, gripping onto the heir tightly]
 
[The heir stirs lightly in their slumber.  Perhaps they even mutter something]Oh, hi, darling. What am I doing? Nothing much, really. Just making a cup of tea. Do you want some, too? Is something wrong, darling? Do I want to tell you something? Uhm, no? I don't think so?

Are you sure everything is alright? You look somewhat, uhm, annoyed. Did something happen? What was that? Oh, you found biscuits? My, isn't that nice? Don't you like biscuits? If I found biscuits- In your sock drawer. You found biscuits in your sock drawer? Again? Oh, my! Isn't that just so weird! I wonder why anyone would put biscuits in a sock dr-

We need to talk? Uhm, why? I'm doing it again? Doing what? I am just making myself a cup of tea, you see? I have absolutely no idea what you are-

There were biscuits in the case of the grandfather clock? Darling, didn't you just say they were in your sock drawer? Oh, there were biscuits in the grandfather clock *and* your sock drawer! And under the kitchen sink. And in the bottom drawer of the hallway sideboard? Under the wax cloth? And in your toolbox in the garage. Oh, I forgot about those ones - I mean, oh my, I have no idea who might have put biscuits in all those weird places! Such a mystery!

What? No, I didn't put biscuits in your toolbox! Why would I do such an outlandish thing? I have a problem? And we need to talk about it? Darling, come here, you look cold. It's freezing outside and you are not wearing your scarf again. Would you like to snuggle with my tail for a bit to warm you up? Here, let me just – no, I'm not trying to distract you! I'm not trying to distract you by brushing you all over with my tail! I'm just trying to warm you up! It's cold outside, you are freezing, I am your girlfriend and I'm trying to warm you up with my fluffy tail. Because I know how much you love cuddling with my soft, fluffy, cuddly tail!

Aaaand you are talking about the biscuits again. Darling, why would I hide biscuits all over the house? We have a biscuit shelf. It's right over there, here in the kitchen where it belongs, and it holds all the biscuits I could possibly ever want. By the way, do you want a biscuit? You know, just a little tea and biscuits while you cuddle my nice, warm, fluffy tail and-

Oh, baby, stop it already! No, I did not hide biscuits in your sock drawer! Why would I- What? Yeah, but that was last week. I admit, I hid biscuits in the distribution board, but that was back then! I was a different person then. I have grown since, become more reasonable, more mature. I told you I would stop hiding- What? Okay, yeah, it was me! You caught me! I plead guilty! You satisfied now? Is this what you wanted?

What? Why did I do it? Well, what if we wanted a biscuit and- Yeah, I know there's a biscuit shelf in the kitchen, but what if there's a snow storm and the power goes out and, uhm, I don't know, the refrigerator stops working and- yeah, biscuits don't need to be refrigerated. Uhm, but what about this: What if we couldn't get to the kitchen? Why? Well, maybe if there was a dangerous predator in the kitchen? Yeah, what if there was a snow storm outside and there was a bear in the kitchen and we- oh, there are no bears in this area. Yeah, but there's a bear girl in that house down the road! Yeah, I know she is working for a law firm, plays the violin and she invited us over for a barbecue last summer and she is really nice, but I still think if she got really hungry she might- no, I'm not scared of her! I am not! I am a courageous and confident squirrel girl and I- I am afraid of dogs, you are right. But dogs are scary!

(sounding like she is about to cry) I don't know either! I'm just so nervous all the time! It's like I constantly got this little voice in my head that keeps whispering: “What if this happens? What if that happens? What if there is a bear in the kitchen and you can't get to your provisions?” And then I make a little stash somewhere, you know, somewhere hidden where they can't find it, and then I feel relieved for a little bit, but then the anxiety comes back and I go back to worrying what might happen if our supplies run out and I get worried that you could starve in winter and I would be all alone and then I must create more secret stashes to protect you and-

(sobbing) No, don't hug me! I don't deserve hugs! I'm just a stupid, silly, crazy squirrel girl who's afraid that her boyfriend might starve because there's a bear in the kitchen and- (more sobbing) don't hug me! Don't fluff my tail! No, it feels nice, but I don't deserve it! Because I'm so stupid, stupid, stupid!

Why didn't I talk to you about it? Because I was scared that if you found out you would leave me. Because why would you wanna be together with a stupid, crazy squirrel girl?! Stop hugging me!

What? You wanna help me? What do you mean? Someone to talk to? Someone professional? No, I don't need- (crying) You're right, I probably need someone professional. But I'm scared! What? No, I'm not scared of talking to a therapist. I'm scared what people will think of me if they find out. And you. If I'm completely nuts and you get fed up with my craziness and you leave me and-

You wouldn't? You want to help me? You want to help me get through it? Really? Even though I hid biscuits in your sock drawer? Oh, I love you! I love you so frickin' much! I'm sorry I'm such a burden on you and putting you through so much trouble with my- Stop hugging me! No, don't stop! Actually, can you fluff my tail again? It feels nice. Thank you!

Do I want a biscuit? One moment, are these my sock drawer biscuits? Oh, they're the toolbox biscuits! I'm so sorry I- Are you sure you are not gonna leave me? Do you promise? Oh, I love you! Yeah, I would like another hug!(door unlocks)

(heavy door creaks open)

(walking down wooden, creaky stairs)



Hey Hon.



I'm back.

Just to state the obvious.



(short pause)



Oh, I know Sweetie. Leaving you down here must feel like some sort of punishment to you. But I swear it wasn't. At least, it wasn't meant to be.



(short pause)



Oh come on, Hon. It wasn't that bad down here was it? I mean, at least it's clean right?

Well, as clean as it CAN be with a dirt floor. And it's not like I just tossed you down here and left you in the dark, right?

I mean I left you with a cot, and chair, and even a couple of magazines to help you pass the time.



(short pause)



Well I'm sorry Hon, but the electric lantern's all I could come up with. I just don't have an extension cord long enough to reach down here, and grampa never bothered putting wires in here. He hardly ever even used this old root cellar.



(short pause)



Well I know it's a wee bit chilly down here Sweetie. That's what the blankets were for. And trust me, it's a lot colder outside.



(short pause)



Okay, that's enough!



(long pause)



I'm.....

I'm sorry.

I'm sorry I snapped at you Cupcake. You have every right to be upset. But look, it was either this or leave you tied up for hours. I thought this'd be a little more comfortable for you, that's all. I mean taking you was a spur of the moment sort of deal. It's not like I had a chance to get you a leg chain or anything.



(short pause)



Yeah, I guess that does sound a little crazy.

Out of context.

Look. Like you said, it's a little chilly down here. How about we just go upstairs now, okay? I'll fix you a nice, hot bowl of soup and we can talk. That sound good Hon?



(short pause)



Okay Sugar. Come on up then. We'll get you warmed up.



(stairs creaking)



(long pause)



(crackling fire for the rest)



Okay Hon, got the fire going. You done eating already?



(short pause)



Oh don't bother Hon. Just leave it there on the table. I'll take care of it later. Why don't you come on over here and join me?



(short pause)



Oh come now Sugar. You really going to sit way over there? Uh-uh. Over here with me, close to the fire.



(short pause)



(sigh)



Oh why do you have to be so damned contrary?

Uh- uh. C'mere.



(slight grunt as she grabs him and carries him to the chair)



Honestly Cupcake, I don't get why you're so stand-offish. I mean is it really so bad, sitting in my lap like this?

My arms wrapped around your waist and my chin resting on your shoulder?

You've got a hot bowl of soup warming your insides and a nice, cozy fire warming your outside. So just relax and enjoy it, okay?

Just.....



(voice quivers) Just let me have this.

Please?



(short pause)



(whispers) thank you....



(long, heavy sigh)



(long pause as the fire crackles)



I know you don't want to be here.

Honestly, I don't blame you. But it's all I could think of.



(short pause)



Why did I do this? I told you hon. I couldn't just watch you drink yourself to death. I....

I just couldn't.

I can't. Not again.



(short pause)



Yes hon. Again.



(long pause as the fire crackles)



I told you Gramps left. Do you remember?



(short pause)



Yeah. I'm guessing you know what I meant by that. He passed. Ten years ago.



(short pause)



No Hon. Not ten years ago today. Christmas Eve was his last day here.

In a way I guess it was a sort of blessing. At least he's not in pain any more.



(short pause)



Good guess hon. Yes, it was cancer. The kind you can't cure.

He didn't want to die in some hospital bed. He wanted his last days to be here, on his old farm. He once told me it's the only place he's ever felt at ease. Comfortable.

And being his only family, I wound up taking care of him.

I'd go into town to get his medicine and supplies, I'd cook for him, I'd clean up after him, I'd.....

I'd get his whiskey.

I'd watch him down a bottle every day, trying to ease the pain.

The worse it got, the more he'd drink.

And I'd keep getting it for him, because I knew deep down there was nothing else I could do.



(sniffles, voice quivering)



All I could do was watch him drink himself to death.

All I could do was HELP him drink himself to death.



(long pause)



(slow, heavy sigh)



I'm sorry Hon.

I really shouldn't be telling you this. I know you've got problems of your own to deal with. I just....

I just can't. I can't just sit by and watch someone else I care about go through that.

Not again.



(short pause)



Hm? Why work at a bar then?

Fair enough. I do see people drinking like....

Well, like you were.

It doesn't happen that often though. Mostly around the holidays.

People coming in to drown their sorrows or find some semblance of companionship.

People who go there because they don't have any place else to be.

Or anyone else to be with.

People like me.



(long pause as the fire crackles)



Hey Sweetie? What were your plans this year?

For Christmas, I mean.



(short pause)



You didn't have any?

Pretty much what I figured. You just didn't seem like you cared about that sort of thing lately.



(short pause)



No Hon. I haven't celebrated since.....

well you know.

But you know what? I think it just might be a little better this year.



(short pause)



What do I mean? Well while I was in town I did a little shopping hon.

I actually went and got a tree.

I figured if you want, you could help me decorate it tomorrow.



(short pause)



Uh-huh. I still have most of the old ornaments up in the attic. I even got you some presents to put under the tree.



(short pause)



Oh that's all right Sugar. I know you couldn't get me anything. It's fine.

The only present I'd ever want from you is a warm hug and an honest smile.

And if you still can't give me a smile by then.... we'll I'll just take a rain check.

So how about it Cupcake? Want to help each other forget our problems for a day?

Neither one of us deserves to be alone for Christmas.

So just spend it with me.[The sounds of footsteps in dirt]
 
[The sound of humming]
 
[Forest ambience]
 
[Humming stops]
 
[Footsteps slow]
 
[Worried]  Hello?  Is somebody there?  Please tell me that’s a person and not a vicious animal looking for its next meal.  I-I swear I don’t taste good.
 
[Footsteps stop]
 
[Relieved]  Oh, it’s only another person.  What brings you into the forest?
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With a light laugh]  That’s a fair point.  I guess you <could> ask the same of me.  There’s not much to say, though.  I’m here because it’s a nice place to rest.  I’ve been traveling, you see.  And being right next to the stream, well, it reminds me of home.  Here, why don’t you sit down?  You must be tired from all that walking, and it’s nice and calm here.
 
[The human sits]
 
So, what brings you here?  It <is> pretty deep into the forest, after all.  Wouldn’t want you getting lost.
 
[Pause for response]
 
Just needed a break?  Even so, you’ve gone quite far into the forest just for that.  And you could have encountered something really scary.  Like a wolf.  Or a bear.  What would you have done then?
 
[Pause for response]
 
Oh!  Oh, I didn’t notice the scabbard at your hip.  My apologies.  I suppose you would have been able to take care of any threat you’d come across, in that case.  But you know, I think there’s plenty scarier things than wolves and bears out here.
 
[Pause for response]
 
[Amused]  “Like what” they say (she/he says)!  Like the things that can take on a human shape.  Or at least, a half-human shape.  Werewolves, harpies, vampires, sirens.  They’re all very dangerous creatures, you know.  So are elves and nymphs.  Sometimes they look really unassuming only to whisk you off into another world, never to be seen by your loved ones again!  Now wouldn’t that be terrible?
 
[Pause for response]
 
[Surprised]  Wouldn’t be so bad?  What makes you say something like that?  If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you <like> the idea of being taken to another world.
 
[Pause for response]
 
[Skeptical]  You’re just… curious about other worlds.  I really don’t buy that.  You’ve got this look in your eye.  Something that says you’re looking for trouble.  [With a light laugh]  But why in the world would someone like you want trouble?  And with <those> kinds of creatures, at that.
 
[Pause for response]
 
Bored?  For such a simple reason?  You are the most… peculiar person I’ve met on my travels.  Not that I’ve met many people.  It’s much easier to get places when you move around in places where there are less people.
 
[Pause for response]
 
Hm?  Where am I from?  [Hesitantly]  O-Oh, I’m from… somewhere quite far away.  I doubt you know where it is.  Even for someone of your… status.
 
[Pause for response]
 
Hm?  How did I know you were a person of high status?  Well, your clothing, of course.  [With a light laugh]  It isn’t exactly subtle.  If you didn’t want to be noticed, I think you maybe should have worn something else.  Your clothes are lovely, though.  If you wouldn’t mind, I’d like to ask what your status is.
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With a small gasp]  Royalty?  You’re the royal heir (crown prince/princess)?  Oh, no wonder you look so magnificent.  If I had known I was going to meet royalty today, I would have dressed in my finest garb.  [With a light laugh]  I doubt I’ll be impressing anyone dressed like this.
 
[Pause for response]
 
You… think I look nice?  Truly?
 
[Pause for response]
 
[Slightly nervous]  Oh, you flatter me.  I appreciate you saying such kind words to someone like myself.  [A beat]  So, what’s it like being the royal heir (crown prince/princess) of your kingdom?  Are your traditions similar to those of other kingdoms?
 
[Pause for response]
 
Only similar to a few of them?  Well, any amount of similarity between kingdoms regarding traditions is good, isn't it?  But… you look a bit troubled about something.  Care to tell me what exactly’s weighing down on your mind?  It’s one of your traditions, isn’t it?
 
[Pause for response]
 
It’s about time for you to… look for a suitor?  Well, why exactly would that be causing you so much strife?  I would think someone like you would be glad to be finding a suitor.  I mean, who <wouldn’t> want to court someone such as yourself?
 
[Pause for response]
 
You don’t want to do it the traditional way?  [With a light laugh]  Well, I suspect that very few would.  It <is> an important decision, after all.  Deciding who it is you want to marry.  [A beat]  You know, I’ve had difficulty with something similar recently myself.  It’s part of the reason I went traveling.  Just like you, I needed a break.  But instead of running into the closest forest, I…
 
[Pause for response]
 
Yes.  I went on a journey, you could say.  But I’ll be home soon.
 
[Pause for response]
 
Am I ready?  [With a sigh]  If I’m being honest, no.  I’m not ready.  I’ve caused a lot of trouble lately, and I just know I’ll get a lecture about how it was  [Mockingly]  irresponsible of me to leave when there was just so much work to be done.
 
[Pause for response]
 
It’ll be fine.  When I get back, I’ll be returning with good news.  I’ve had plenty of time to see the world and think about my own decision, and… I think I’ll be able to discuss the idea of breaking tradition.
 
[Pause for response]
 
My decision?  Well, I’ve decided that I shouldn’t be limited only to those who live in the same area I live.  I should be able to choose anyone from anywhere I wish.
 
[Pause for response]
 
Hm?  Do I have a person in mind?  Well, yes, actually.  I do.  But I don’t really know them (him/her) very well at all.  We met by chance during my travels.  It was a brief encounter, but they (he/she) left quite the impression on me.
 
[Pause for response]
 
Why that person?  Well… when I first saw them (him/her), I could feel my heart flutter.  I felt this strong urge to hold them (him/her) close and never let go, and to… to protect them (him/her).
 
[Pause for response]
 
Love at first sight?  That’s what you call that?  I’ve never felt such feelings before, especially not for a creature so similar to myself.  It’s… nice.  What do you think I should do when I feel like this?
 
[Pause for response]
 
I should… tell them (him/her)?  But… what if they don’t (he/she doesn’t) feel the same way about me that I do about them (him/her)?
 
[Pause for response]
 
[Slightly saddened]  No, I… I <need> them (him/her) to like me.  If they don’t, then… then I’m uncertain I’ll be able to prove that I should be allowed to choose a mate for myself.
 
[Pause for response]
 
[Surprised]  Huh?  Is something wrong with the word “mate”?
 
[Pause for response]
 
Oh, I see.  [Whispers to self]  So humans find the word offensive.  [To the human]  So… what word should I use instead?
 
[Pause for response]
 
[As if the word is unfamiliar]  Spouse (Husband/Wife).  All right, I’ll have to remember that.  [A beat]  So, I do have another question for you.  About… about what you were saying earlier.
 
[Pause for response]
 
Are you… really not afraid of creatures that aren’t human?  Like, like werewolves and vampires?
 
[Pause for response]
 
So you aren’t afraid of them, but… what about… elves, nymphs, and… and faeries?
 
[Pause for response]
 
[Slightly flustered]  I-Is it really such a sudden question?  I mean, you were saying that you were curious about these different worlds, and wouldn’t it be a little difficult to explore them if you were afraid?
 
[Pause for response]
 
Cautious of the fae… but not afraid?  [Amused, knowingly]  It’s all right to be a little afraid, you know.  And it’s perfectly all right to admit it.  [A beat]  You know, Royal (Prince/Princess), I like you.  I think I’d like to get to know you a bit more.  I think first, I’d like to know your name.  I’m not from these parts, so I’m unfamiliar with the royal family of this kingdom.  So… what’s your name?
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With a light, mischievous laugh]  You have a lovely name.  Or rather… you <had> one.  Unfortunately, this name is no longer your own.  It belongs to me now, and because your name is now mine, <you> are now mine as well.  You see, I’m one of the faeries.
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With a click of the tongue]  No protesting.  What’s done is done.  But you can calm yourself down.  I assure you I won’t do anything to harm you.
 
[Pause for response]
 
What do I intend to do?  Well, now that I have your name, I suppose I have as much control over you as I wish.  [Amused, seductively if desired]  I could do anything I want with you, and there isn’t anything you can do about it.  I could lock you up in your own mind and leave you as a walking puppet with no other purpose than to serve me.  [With a light laugh]  Wouldn’t that be nice?  Or… [Barely above a whisper]  I could make you reject humanity altogether and take you away from here, never to return.  [A beat]  But what I really want to do… is to fill your mind up until all you can think about is me.
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With a light laugh]  Yes, that's right!  I want to make you want to never be apart from me for as long as you live.  Oh, imagine the bliss you’ll feel once I take you in my arms and whisper sweet nothings in your ear until you fall asleep.
 
[Pause for response]
 
Why did I need to take your name if I didn’t wish to harm you?  Well, I didn’t!  It’s in my nature to take any name that is given to me, whether I plan to use it or not.  Think of it as… assurance.  Assurance that if you do anything to upset me, you will be punished accordingly.
 
[Pause for response]
 
Why am I doing this?  I’ve already explained it to you.  You want to explore other worlds, and your human courtship rituals are making you uneasy.  I also have grown… tired of the traditional courtship rituals of the faeries.  Being royalty is… difficult, isn’t it?
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With a light laugh]  Oh, did I forget to mention that?  Yes, I too am royalty.  Just like you, I am next in line to take the throne.  [A beat]  So, I’ve decided that I will take you as mine.
 
[Pause for response]
 
[Slightly flustered]  Y-Yes, I… suppose you could say I’m… proposing to you.  To be my fiance(e).  Do you… accept?
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With a light, mischievous laugh]  No, I suppose you don’t have much of a choice in the matter.  But worry not.  I will be good to you.  So, my love, would you be a dear and escort me back to your home?  I’d like to meet my future family.
 
[Pause for response]
 
[With a light laugh]  Thank you, dearest.  I promise you won’t regret this meeting.
 
[Footsteps on grass][sfx: Ambient nature sounds]

[sfx: Door opening]

(gentle) “Good morning.”

…

“I didn’t wake you up, did I?”

…

“Well you look like you just got out of bed. You haven’t even brushed your hair yet.”

…

“Are you sure you don’t want some more time to sleep in? We can save your breakfast for later if you’d like. I can leave it by the fire to keep warm.”

…

“If you want me to just leave it on the vanity, then I’m going to have to insist you eat it now so it won’t go cold.”

…

“Don’t worry. It should be very easy on the stomach. It’s light and full of your favorite fruits to help start the day. Should pick you right up.”

…

“Relax. You don’t have to get ready for anything. No need to rush.”

…

“It’s only me. And I’m not bothered by seeing you in your nightwear.”

…

“(chuckle) You act like I don’t see you in them every morning.”

…

(amused) “And I hope you haven’t forgotten who gave them to you in the first place.”

…

“Exactly. So there’s nothing to worry yourself over.”

…

“You can leave your hair as is for the time being. I don’t mind.”

…

“Hm. I’d be lying if I said it looks fine the way it is. But there is a sort of charm to you looking like an owlet.”

…

“(chuckle) I only say it in jest.”

…

“If it bothers you, then I can fix it up for you while you have your breakfast. It’ll save some time.”

…

“It’s no trouble at all. I’m more than happy to make your life a little bit easier.”

…

“Alright. Come over to the vanity so you can see better.”

…

“Here you are. Enjoy your meal. It’s still nice and warm.”

…

“Now let’s see what we can do about this. I can’t promise that I’ll do a better job than you, but I’ll try to be as gentle as possible. So just relax.”

[sfx: Brushing hair]

…

“How does it taste?”

…

“I’m happy to hear that. I made sure to pick them fresh from the garden. That’s about as ripe as they’ll get.”

…

“(content hum)”

…

“That’s not too harsh, is it?”

…

“That’s good. There’s a few tangles here that are being a bit of a nuisance. Just let me know if anything bothers you and I’ll take it more slowly.”

…

“Already looking a lot better, isn’t it?”

…

“So much softer without all those tangles. And look at that nice shine there. Those new soaps are doing the trick, don’t you think?”

…

“I’ll make sure to get you some more from the market the next time I visit.”

…

“Hm. I’ll think about it. But you didn’t like the binding spell I used last time I brought you along. So we’ll need to find something more comfortable.”

…

“Trust takes time to build. And I want to make sure that you trust me as much as I trust you before I make any decisions like that.”

…….

[sfx: Hair brushing stops]

“You know. There was this really cute hairstyle you used to wear a while back. It was parted this way and you had your bangs looking something like this.”

…

“Yes, yes. Could you teach me how to do that one? I think it would look especially nice with how healthy your hair is right now.”

…

“Oh? Who would do it for you then?”

…

“I see. Which friend was it?”

…

“That’s…the mage, right? Forgive me, but I’m not too good with names.”

…

“Yes, that’s it. She did quite a fine job then.”

…

“You wouldn’t happen to remember the steps she took to style it like that, would you?”

…

“I’ll take whatever you can give me to work with. I just want to try my hand at recreating that look.”

…

“Anywhere’s a good start, really.”

…

“Let’s see then. We part it like this first. And then…pull this back…”

…

“What’s next?”

…

“So over like this…move this next to that…then under…”

…

“Hm…”

…

“It’s ah…somewhat reminiscent of that look, if I’m being generous.”

…

“No, it’s not your fault. You did well explaining it to me. I’m just not cut out to be a hairdresser. My strengths lie elsewhere, that’s for sure.”

…

“Well I’m flattered to hear that. I wasn’t used to cooking, but you being here has pushed me quite a bit to become better at it.”

…

“Of course. Only the best for you.”

…

“I think I was right in not getting you anything for your skin. You have a nice natural glow when you smile like that.”

…

“(chuckle then sigh) Now all we need is a hairstyle that is equally flattering.”

…

“How about we try something a little more simple? I think I can make it work a lot better that way. And it won’t take away from that pretty face of yours.”

…

(amused) “I am being very honest, I’ll have you know.”

…

“Alright. Let’s try parting it from here this time. Then we can move this back so it doesn’t hide your face as much.”

…

“And this goes over here…just pull your bangs back like this…”

…

“Now I think that looks a lot better. Simple and straight to the point. So much easier to see you smile like this, too.”

…

“I’m glad you like it. We’ll keep it like this for now then.”

…

“A shame I couldn’t get the other one down well enough, though.”

…

“Hm…”

…

“Unfortunately, no. Your friend can’t be here to do it for you.”

…

“I could make accommodations for another person to live here…but that would require her coming by for a visit.”

…

“It would be easier if your friends were in the area. But I imagine they have other priorities elsewhere that take precedence.”

…

“(quiet sigh)”

…

(close) “Sad to say, I don’t think they’re coming for you.”

…

(close) “Well, when you were with them, you all had this great plan to take on some larger than life being, didn’t you? A much greater threat than I could ever be. Not something I like to admit, but it’s the truth.”

…

(close) “Honestly, I think that my timing was impeccable for deciding when to bring you here. So close to your goal. Not enough time to spare to take a bit of a detour. You all were running on borrowed time, weren’t you?”

…

(close) “Still, to just abandon you like that. You have to wonder what was going through their heads at the time. What basis did they use to weigh their options, hm? Was that larger than life being so much of a threat that it required their immediate attention? I think we would have heard something about their endeavors by now if that were the case.”

…

(close) “Could be that they thought you were expendable. I can’t imagine leaving a valuable fighter like that right when you’re about to head off to a major battle.”

…

(close) “If we want to be optimistic, leaving you behind could be their way of protecting you.”

…

(close) “(sinister chuckle) Maybe they knew you’d be safe with me.”

…

(close) “Well, you are, aren’t you? I’ve taken good care of you all this time, haven’t I?”

…

(close) “I wouldn’t put it past them to make a judgment call like that. Your friends are sharp. Let’s not pretend that they don’t see things for what they truly are.”

…

(close half whisper) “I know that they know how I feel about you.”

…

(close half whisper) “All those times I avoided harming you in battle when I had a clear shot. Always conveniently running into whatever group you happened to be a part of whenever you split up. Stealing looks in the middle of your leader’s excruciatingly dull speeches. I would have been shocked if they hadn’t noticed.”

…

“I’m certain because your leader wouldn’t have confronted me about it if he hadn’t.”

…

“Because I came looking for you one night and he stopped me in my tracks just outside your campsite. He had the most priceless expression when he put two and two together.”

…

“It was just him if I recall. Seems like the rest of you were fast asleep at the time.”

…

"Must have kept that little experience to himself then. Strange since letting you all know could have prepared you for my successful attempt. But then we wouldn’t be where we are now if he had. And I very much prefer it that way.”

…

“I have to say, I don’t appreciate being underestimated like that. But I won’t complain because it got me what I wanted.”

…

(close half whisper) “I have several things that I want. But above all else, you have always been the priority.”

[sfx: Clothes rustling/hugging]

(close half whisper) “You bring out my most latent desires just by being nearby."

…

(close half whisper) “I knew I had to have you for myself. I had to bring you closer.”

…

“But even now, you’re still so far away. Running my fingers through your hair and holding you like this isn’t enough.”

…

“The physical barriers are no longer there. It’s just the emotions that are in the way.”

…

“I think my feelings are very clear. But with you, there’s so much to unpack.”

…

“Could you answer something for me?”

…

“Have you ever loved someone before?”

…

“What were they like?”

…

“(solemn sigh)”

…

“I can’t say I’m surprised since you’ve been traveling together for so long.”

…

“Did your friend know?”

…

“And did you ever confess?”

…

“I see… That must have hurt quite a bit.”

…

“Your so-called friends aren’t doing themselves any favors by treating you this way. Puts this entire situation into perspective, doesn’t it?”

…

“First you get harshly rejected by a loved one, then your leader fails to prepare for a potential kidnapping despite knowing a threat exists. And now all your friends have gone off on their own little journey without you. How heartless can they be?”

…

(cynical) “Heh. Maybe they thought they were doing you a favor by leaving you with someone who actually cared.”

…

“Well at least they were right about one thing. I do care.”

…

“It’s okay. You can cry if you want to.”

…

“Don’t worry. I’ll stay right here with you. I’m not going anywhere.”

…

(gentle) “There, there. Just let it all out.”

…….

“Does that feel better?”

…

“Good. You needed to let all of those emotions out. I bet you were holding on to them for a long time.”

…

“Exactly. You’re going to feel a lot better after this.”

…

“And there’s something I’d like for you to know.”

…

“You are very much loved and wanted.”

…

“The time we’ve spent together can’t compare to the time you’ve had with your friends. But I can promise you that what I provide will have so much more value than anything they’ve ever given you.”

…

(intense) “I’ve given you this home. I’ve given you a life free of conflict. I’ve given you everything you could possibly need to live a long, healthy life. And I can give you the love you so desperately want.”

…

(intense) “I can give you what they couldn’t.”

…

“Answer this for me.”

…

“Would that friend have kissed you if you asked?”

…

(close half whisper) “Do you want to be kissed?”

…

(close half whisper) “Then I want you to ask me.”

…

[Kissing]

…

“Just know that you can ask me for anything and I’ll give it to you.”

…

“Of course. I’ll stay with you for as long as you like.”

…

“Yes. Even until you fall asleep again.”

…

(amused) “Yes, yes. We can go to the market together when you wake up. No binding spell this time.”

…

“Because we trust each other, don’t we?”

…

“Of course. I’ve always trusted you.”

…

“And I hope that you trust me to watch over you while you sleep. But that might be difficult with how little space there is here for me to sit.”

…

“How about we use my room instead? My bed can fit more than one person on it.”

…

“Well you used to sleep close to your friends while camping out in the wilderness. Think of it like that but much more comfortable.”

…

“Try it out and see for yourself.”

…

“Alright. Come this way then.”

…

“You’ve never seen the inside, have you? There’s a lot of space and reading material you can go through.”

…

[sfx: Door opening]

“Here it is. Make yourself at home.”

…

“Don’t be shy. Come in.”

…

“There’s no need for concern. You’ll be safe with me.”

…

“Yes. I’ll stay with you the entire time. You won’t be alone.”

…

(suggestive) “I can hold you if you’d like some reassurance.”

…

“Anything to make you feel more comfortable.”

…

(suggestive) “Of course. I’ll make sure to take extra good care of you from now on.”

…

“Come then. You can lie down right over here.”

...

(suggestive) "That's it. Very good."

[sfx: Door closing]Shh, shh, love. Hey, hey, it’s okay. Shh. It’s me, it’s me. You’re safe; I’ve got you.
Here. Let me hold you, okay? It’ll be alright. Shh, shh, shh.
…
Okay.. let me just check some things, alright? 
God, you can barely- okay, that’s.. 

[SIGH]

Okay. Let me check your eyes. I’m going to shine a light in, okay?
[CLICK]
Woah, hey, hey! It’s okay, calm down. You’re alright. 
Gods, you’re shivering. 
Hey, love, hey. Shh, you’re going to be fine. 

[SAD CHUCKLE] heh, even like this, you take my breath away. You’re.. I love you. 
..[CLEARING THROAT]
Okay. Let me check your wrists and ankles—

Don’t hiss at me, love. 
Ah- no, no, don’t move..! you’ll make it worse.
Agh, come on. Work with me, here. 
Stop struggling or I will cuff them so tight you will be unable to move your fingers.
There. Good. 
Let me see your wrists. No, not your teeth-
Gods, you can’t even understand me, can you? 
Your eyes are unfocusing. 

Let me just.. 
[HE TAKES THEIR HANDS]
There we go. Let’s see- ohh, love.

Those silver chains really did a number on you, hmm? 
Well, dear, maybe if I didn’t have to cuff you so tight it wouldn’t hurt as much. 

I know, I know. Fighting so fiercely just wasn’t in your best interest, despite how you feel about your situation.  You shouldn’t have run.
You’re still shivering.
Uh, here; are you hungr- ah, thirsty? Heh.
I have some warm soup here for you, love. 
No, it’s—you know what it is. Don’t throw a fit my dear—you’ve not been gone for that long. You should know by now I won’t let you do this to yourself. 
Don’t fight me. 
Stop.
That’s good. Good.
Now, here. Let me feed it to you.
Mmm, you can barely move your arms. I doubt you’d be able to feed yourself. Now open up..
There you go. 
…
Don’t make that face, love. You need this to survive. I know it doesn’t taste that bad to you.
Drink some more.
Good.
[COLD] Stop throwing a fit. Drink the damn soup before I shove it down your throat.
There you go. That’s better. Thank you.
[UNAMUSED— “this mf-“ tone] Coughing? Really? 
Well, at least you’ve been fed.

Let me check your wrists again.
Shh, shh, don’t whimper. I know, I know. It hurts. Let me take you out of those chains, okay? 
[UHH, CUFF UNCUFF NOISES? ^^;]
There we go. Can you stand?
Mmmm, no. not at all. Alright. 
Let me just help you up, then. 
Don’t back away-
…are you doing alright? Hey, what’s—
..
You threw up your— I- [FRUSTRATED SIGH]
Alright, fine. 
Don’t eat, then. We have other things to attend to anyway. 
Come on, now. Let me carry you upstairs.
Oookay, come here.
[GRUNT]
There, I’ve got you. I’m going to take you up now. 
Mmhm, yes, upstairs. You need to bathe.

You’re not going to get anything done, dirty and unwound as you are. And now you’re… [HIDING DISGUST] covered in your own bile. 
[WARM, CONCERNED] You’re still shivering, too. Let’s run you a bath.

You can’t complain, my dear. You can barely get a word out as you are now. Besides, I think we’re past this, wouldn’t you agree? We are far too intertwined to be worried about such fickle things. 
I cannot trust you with a servant. I don’t trust them with you, either, for that matter. 
I hope you understand.
Now, let us go.

[WATER RUNNING, FAUCET TURNING OFF]

Come on. In you go.
There. I’m going to wash it all off with a cloth, okay? I know, I know. If you’d just taken care of yourself, it wouldn’t be like this, you know. You lcan’t regenerate without feeding. 
(SIGH)
I wish it wasn’t like this. I wish you would just…
Ah. Nevermind. Come, let’s get you clean.  
.. I love you. I… I hope you know that. I don’t want to have to hurt you, but.. I’m not sure where to go from here, my love. I tried to show you before you ran, but now? I.. I’m unsure if that will work. I can’t trust that you’ll accept things as they are, and it.. hurts.I just want you to be safe. That’s all I want.
I just want you to be safe. Happy, sure, but.. I want you alive. Whatever that takes, whatever that means. I want you to be able to enjoy what life has to offer, even with the sacrifices. I.. want you to be able to enjoy what I have to offer. 
What can I do? What will it take for you to.. to get it? 
I miss you.
I.. Oh, haha. Let me explain. I miss.. you being.. you..? like, I just.. I don’t know.
I’ve never seen you happy, you know. 
I’ve watched, loved you, for so long, and yet.. I’ve never seen you happy. I’ve seen the weak smiles, the pitiful jokes, but.. I’ve never seen you truly laugh. I’ve never seen you laugh until you can’t breathe, or be so touched you shy away. I’ve never seen you squeal in excitement, or blush, or—or..
….
….
(SIGH) I just want you to be happy. That’s all. 
No, no. No, you weren’t. You weren’t happy then. You starved yourself to the point of weakness. You pressured yourself with this huge secret. You never allowed yourself the love or care of others. You shouldered it on your own and ended up getting crushed by the weight of it. 
No, that’s.. You.. 
[SIGH] Don’t.. apologize.
 I find it admirable. 
[INCREDULOUS— responding to the most “riiight” face the listener can muster]  I do, really. 
Your stubbornness—your drive to not hurt anyone..  it’s really special. It’s just that.. despite that, I can’t let you harm yourself for the sake of others. Not anymore. ..So if you can’t see—if you don’t know that you’re doing it.. If that gives you comfort, I’ll do it all. I’ll do everything for you. I just want you to smile for me. I just want… you, whatever that entails. 
I love you.
..No, you don’t have to say anything. You’re too weak anyway. You can barely keep your head up, dear. Here. Let’s get you out of this bath, okay? I’ll get you dressed and put some salve on your injuries.
Ah—no, you’re right. I did say that. It’s true, without blood you cannot regenerate as fast as you should. I.. While you were.. away, I did some research. I’ll tell you of it later, when you can focus on it, okay? I don’t want to burden your mind now. You need to rest. The gist of it is that the salve should be able to help you heal. Not as fast as you could, obviously, but faster than you would have without it right now, okay? Now come on, let me dry you off.
[BATH DRAINING]
Okay, there you are. Let’s get these clothes on.
Yes, I know. You told me that already. I have to do it though. You and I both know you wouldn’t be able to put them on properly right now anyway. You’re weak and malnourished—not to mention, I think you may actually have caught something. 
Yes, vampires can get sick. Vampires aren’t Teflon, my dear. Now let’s get this on, okay? We can talk about this later. 
…and there we go. Nice and comfy, right? Now.. (GRUNT) Up you go. I’ll carry you to your room.
I renovated it while you were away. I know I said I didn’t think this would work, but.. I really do want you to be comfortable. I’ll do whatever I can to ensure that—no matter how long it takes or how many things I have to try.
Ah, you’re starting to drift off. Alright, here’s your new bed. I hope it’s comfortable. It is? Nice and warm? Good. I’m glad. Now, before I go, I do have to restrain you. No, don’t worry, it shouldn’t get in the way too much. 
Let’s get this chain on. 
[CLICK] There. It will be attached to the post over there, see? It’s part of the floor. You won’t be able to take it off. It reaches every part of the room, and it shouldn’t get in your way much.
Aha, you can barely keep your eyes open.
Here, it’s okay. I’ll stop talking. You don’t need to try to stay awake anymore. Get some rest, okay? I’ll keep you nice and comfy here.
Do you want me to play with your hair? 
I didn’t- ah, you’re too out of it to give a proper answer. I’ll just.. 
Does that feel good, my love? 
(LAUGH—LIKE AWHHWHH LIKE REACTING TO A PET DOING SOMETHING REALLY CUTE/FUNNY)
Awwhawhaw, you’re snuggling up against me. ..Even if you’re unaware…
(SAD CHUCKLE)
I love you. Get some sleep now.
Goodnight, my love.
[Door opening]
 
Hi darling, how was your day at the embassy? 
 
...
 
That's nice, let me get your coat and sniff your hair, sweety! 
 
[sniffing]
 
Actually I did something productive too, today. 
 
[footsteps]
 
I wrote a new script!
 
I know, I'm so creative! 
 
Oh, how I do it every single day? 
 
I look up some ASMR scripts on Reddit. Some suckers post them there free for all to use...
 
...then I change it a bit. [keyboard clacking] I'm searching and replacing all "spoons" with... uh... "forks" for example...
 
...I'll tell them "the script is all mine" and nobody will know, sweaty!
 
Oh, poppycock! If someone comments on it, I'll delete the comment. 
 
And my twitter DMs are closed. 
 
Sit down, I cooked a television meal for the occasion. Don't worry about the reddit people!
 
It's chicken soup with gorgonzola and shrimps. 
 
Here, take a fork.
 
Take a bite! 
 
There you go. 
 
Let me comb your hair, while you are eating. 
 
[binaural hair combing sounds interjected with creepy sniffing]
 
What? You call it stealing? 
 
You might say it's unethical, but it's the internet so it doesn't really count. 
 
[sad] And after all, I didn't have it easy in life!
 
I didn't grow up with a silver fork in my mouth!
 
... [wimpers]
 
It's ok, it's ok, gorgeous. I don't want to burden you with my tragic but sexy upbringing!
 
It's ok.
 
[under the breath like Jim Carrey would whisper when annoyed] It's Okay!
 
What do you want to watch tonight?  
 
[binaural magazine browsing] There is a movie with Rheese Whitersfork on... Legally Blonde 3, the reckoning. Apparently shits gone real for Elle Woods. She is trapped in a building with terrorists.
 
Hm. Yeah might be to aggravating after your hard day arguing with the delegate of Sinovia.
 
Should we instead listen to an LP? I got some new vintage vinyl from the picturesque record shop in carpenter street!
 
What it is? The name of the record is "Summer in the city". 
 
Oh... it's by a 60s prog rock band called... The lovin' Forkfull.
 
...
 
Oh, I'm sorry. You have a headache? You should lie down! 
 
Let's go to bed. 
 
One thing honey: 
 
Do you want to be big fork or little fork tonight? 
 
 
[Editors note: A previous version of this script had the vinyl LP be "Odgens nut gone" which was really named "Odgens nut gone flake" and was by the small faces. The lovin' spoonful did "Summer in the city"  and "do you believe in magic". Which is tragic because "Odgens nut gone flake" is objectively the funnier name for an album.](Yawn) What a trip. I'm so tired.

At least I'm finally home. That much is enough to bring me peace of mind. I guess what they say is true, there is no place like home.

(Door opening)

Oh, hello! Didn't expect you to be at the door so quickly!

Thank you for the warm welcome. It's so good to be home.

(Door closing)

Of course, my coat. Here you go. Thank you.

I need to take a seat. My legs are so sore right now.

Tea? Yes please! That sounds great right now, especially after having to go without it for a whole week.

Ah, nice and comfy…

Oh, you've finished making it already? You've always been fast at making tea, but I feel like you get faster each time!

You'd like to sit and have some with me? Of course, you don't need to ask. I always appreciate your company.

Time for the first sip. The best part of each cup, in my opinion.

Mmm, delicious. Just as divine as always.

Thank you so much for the tea. After such an eventful trip, it feels nice to just sit down and drink some tea without a care in the world.

Right, my trip. It went very well. Everyone was friendly and we all got along like a big, happy family. Quite a lot happened and I had some fun and interesting experiences. But in the end, I was more than happy to come home. I enjoy going out, but I also enjoy the peaceful side of life, being able to sit down in this chair, drink this lovely tea you've made for me and read a book.

Hmm? What was that?

This house isn't the same without me?

Aww, you're so sweet.

To be honest, I feel the same way about you. Things just aren't the same without you by my side. I enjoy having you around. You're great company.

You know, your help is always very, very appreciated. I hope I say that enough, because with everything you do for me, I feel like I don't.

You can tell I'm grateful through my expressions and actions?

Still, thank you for everything. Your help really means the world to me. Thanks to you taking care of the cooking, the cleaning and all the other stuff, I'm able to focus on my studies and work. Without you, things would be far more difficult.

Not to mention, I just… enjoy having you around, you know?

You have such a warm and kind personality. Every morning, without fail, you greet me with a smile and wish me the best of luck with my studies and work. It might seem like a small thing, but to me, it makes a world of difference.

And whenever I'm upset, you always know how to comfort me.

You've helped me sleep, you've taken care of me when I was sick, you've calmed me down from a panic attack…

Is there any way you can't help me?

Honestly, it's at the point where I can't imagine a world without you. I know it sounds dramatic, but that's how I truly feel.

Which is why I have a pretty… heavy request. You haven't mentioned any plans to leave and work for anyone else, but I still feel like I should ask anyway…

Will you... please stay by my side?

I… I need you.

My life has become so much better and so, so much less lonely with you in it.

I really, truly can't imagine living the rest of my life without you.

Your help, your company… I need it.

I hope I'm not being too selfish by asking this...

Really? You'll stay by my side… forever?

Do you truly mean that?

Oh, thank you! You have no idea how happy that makes me! I mean it, thank you!

(Kiss, followed by a gasp)

I… I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to! I swear, it was just a spur of the moment thing! I was just so excited to hear you say that you'd stay with me forever and I-

Wh-what was that?

Do I have… feelings for you?

Well, to be honest… yes, I do. I have for the past year. But I didn't tell you because I was afraid that you wouldn't feel the same way and you would quit in order to avoid me.

Wait, did you just say… that you have feelings for me too?

And you didn't tell me, because you were also afraid I wouldn't feel the same and I would fire you?

(Laugh) Wow, to think that we both had feelings for each other and kept them secret for the same reasons…

It's like a cheesy romance story.

But if we both have feelings for each other, then what does that mean for right now?

Are we a couple, or…?

Only if I want us to be?

Well, of course I do!

Then you're happy for us to be as well?

I'm so glad to hear that!

Um… can I kiss you again?

Thank you!

(Kiss)

Aww, you're blushing! That's so cute!

Oh, but you've always been such a cutie. That smile of yours constantly makes my heart flutter.

I know this is a bit early, but... I love you!

(Giggle) I'm so happy to hear you say you love me too!

Seriously, I feel so giddy now! This feels like a great dream I never wanna wake up from!

Well, I think I know the answer, but now that the context has changed, I guess I'll ask again…

Will you please stay by my side?
This can never happen again. Do I make myself clear?

No. Don't even say anything. I don't want to hear it! Do you even know how close I came to losing you tonight? One second later, one sip more and you'd be dead. Is that what you want?

No, I'm not gonna stop! I didn't ask you to play the hero. I told you to avoid taking risks! To keep your profile low! Not to intercept a wine glass meant for me and drink it to prove there was poison in it! When you went down--!

I don't care if you don't have regrets. You weren't the one to pick up the pieces. You weren't the one waiting by your bedside hoping that you'd open your eyes again!

Of course I'm angry. You think I'm made of stone or something? What the fuck were you thinking, huh? What in the world inspired you to play hero when you have no training whatsoever!

No, you don't. What if you'd been wrong, huh? What if your body was weaker than you thought? What if I hadn't gotten an antidote on time?

It doesn't matter if you trusted me to figure it out! Jesus Christ, do you understand how lucky you are right now? If any thing had gone wrong--any tiny thing--and you'd be dead. Dead! Gone.

Good, because I think it deserves to be repeated! I'm trained for situations like this. You're just there to handle tech. You never should've been in the field like that!

No, you shouldn't have. Because you made a risky, stupid choice and it's only by some miracle you're alive right now. I'm the field agent. I'm prepared to make the risks. I'm the one with the poison resistance and the hand-to-hand training. If anyone should've had that wine, it was me.

It doesn't matter if we got the guy in the end! We could've gotten him for something else and then add the poisonings on it! You should know that--you're the tech person!

You still don't get it? I'm not lecturing you because you're a tech person. I'm lecturing you because I almost lost you! And that scared the shit out of me! My whole career here, you've been the voice on the other end of the line, guiding me, calming me, making sure I survived missions and getting me out of sticky situations. Ever since I first joined the agency, you were my port in the storm, my safe harbor. I had the training, yeah, but you saw the whole picture. You've saved me more times than I could count. And tonight . . . tonight, that could've all ended.

I was against you coming out into the field.

It has nothing to do with that! I was against it because it terrified me, okay? The thought of you getting hurt and me being nowhere to help . . . it tore me up. I mean, how do you think I ended up here, huh? You think it was mere coincidence the agency sent me here too? No, they sent me because I demanded it. Because I had to make sure you were safe.

And tonight . . . I failed.

No, don't. It doesn't matter why you did it. I don't want to hear about your pure intentions. It doesn't change the fact that you took the hit meant for me. That you fell lifelessly into my arms. It doesn't erase that memory from my mind.

48 hours.

That's how long I had to find the antidote. That's what the docs told me. 48 hours and that was after the six hours it took to figure out what poison you'd even ingested. So, that brings us to 42 hours. We lost another four tracking down which company would hold the antidote because it was such a new poison. 38 hours. 5 hours to fly across the country to break in and steal the antidote. 33 hours. The recon took three hours and that was rushed. 30 hours. 2 hours for prep. 28 hours. The break in luckily went off without a hitch and only took an hour. Then, another five hours back. So, 22 hours remaining. And that's only because everything went well. If their security had been tighter or if I had made a mistake, it could've taken a lot longer.

And you'd be dead. But you didn't think about that, no. You just played the hero.

Listen to me--you're not a hero. You never will be a hero. Heroes don't exist. They're saps who die for stupid causes and then they're forgotten about. If you had died tonight, I'd be cursing your name.

I don't care if it's harsh! You need to hear this!

If things had gone south . . . if you had died . . .

Because you matter to me.

Do you remember my first job? It was a shitshow. Intel was wrong, tech person was wrong. A lot of people died. Me too almost. I made it back to headquarters with blood everywhere and I was waiting for the debrief.

That's when I noticed you. We weren't even working together yet. You met my gaze and you brought me a towel. You weren't even scared. You asked if I was hurt and then you wiped the blood from my brow. No one has ever done that before. And then we started working together and you were incredible. Nothing ever seemed to get under your skin. Nothing ever seemed to throw you.

Even when that crazy job in Sweden went sideways, you never panicked. You got me through. I can't do this job without you.

I can't . . . I can't live my life without you. I thought I was fine with the way things were. Better to just keep things simple, right? But when you went down . . . I thought that was it. That you were gone. That you had just left me and I hadn't even told you how I was---

[deep breath in] --how I was hopelessly in love with you. How I had been from the first second I met you.

Don't say anything. I don't need a response. You just need to know. If this fucks things up, we can deal with it later. But for right now, I just need you to know. I love you. So much. And that's why I freaked out. That's why I'm mad. Because I'm the one supposed to take hits for you, not the other way round. I'm the one who signed on for the fieldwork, not you.

[faint laughter] Yeah, well, if you were up for almost 72 hours straight you'd look pretty shitty too. Glad to see your sense of humor is still intact.

. . . I don't know. Do we need to think about tomorrow? For right now, can we just be here? With each other? Tomorrow, you can reject me or tell me off or say you hate my guts. But for tonight, I just need to see you talking and breathing.

Good.

I know. And I will. I may just nap in this chair.

No, I don't think I could leave. Not right now. Sorry. You're stuck with me.

[laughs] Oh shut up.

You're tired.

Yeah, you are. Don't fight it. The doc said your body needs time to recover. So rest. We can fight tomorrow.

I'm not going anywhere. I told you. You're safe. No one is getting in this room without me knowing. So, relax. Sleep.

[faint humming]

Is it annoying? Sorry. My little sister used to get nightmares when we were kids. Only thing that used to calm her down was me humming. I can stop--

--okay. I'll keep going if you close your eyes. You need to rest.

Goodnight.(Playful) Come on then. From Hell’s heart you’ve summoned me forth, puny mortal. What twisted desires lurk in that little head of yours? What inventive ways are you going to make me your plaything? 
 
…You haven’t got *any* such desires? (giggle) Oh I’ll coax them out of you, my darling; one way or another. You mortals just *love* some teasing, don’t you?  
 
(Playful) You *really* don’t have any? (Giggle) Oh, you’re being very insistent. You almost sound like you’re telling the truth. 
 
In all my years of quenching mortal desires, you may be the most convincing liar I've ever seen. Bravo, puny mortal, I’ll have to fashion you a medal. 
 
You’re just lonely and need some company?
 
Don’t play with me, mortal. I know you’re just pretending.
 
(Pause for response)
 
(turning serious) Look, just cut the act. You’re very insistent, more so than most, but I’m too tired to play along anymore.
 
I know how this game goes. Of course you’ve got dark desires. You’re human. Do you think I was born yesterday? Like I’m some young little hatchling who’s just met her first mortal? I’ve seen this play out too many times.
 
(Pause for response) Shut up. Shut your mouth. I don’t care how many times you say it. A lie is still a lie.
 
(Growing Impatient) This innocent little lamb routine can end. Take off your mask. Go on, give me orders. Whatever you’re going to do, whatever you’re going to inflict on me, hurry up and get it done. Tell me what you want.
 
(In disbelief) What? Say that again.
 
*Intimacy?* (Laugh) *That’s* what you’re calling it, eh?  That’s your creative little rebranding? Don’t sugarcoat this while moonlight’s wasting. 
 
(Bitter) Come on, you twisted freak. I know you want to hurt me. 
 
I *know* you do. It doesn’t matter how loudly I scream in protest, or how much my throat burns from begging, that just adds to the excitement, doesn’t it? 
 
You humans *always* want to hurt me. So, come on then, out with it! Where are the chains, the hot coals, the knives and the pliers? What wicked tortures have you got waiting for me? 
 
-The Succubus lifts up papers, books and ornaments to try and find the Listener’s non-existent torture instruments
 
[Sfx shuffling paper, quiet shuffle of books being moved]
 
Come on. I know you’re hiding them somewhere.
 
Of course you are! Tell me what you want!
 
(Pause for response)
 
(In disbelief) You want to hold me…in your arms?...Because you’re lonely?
 
(Pause)
 
…No. 
 
Don’t you *dare* do this to me. You filthy little rodent, don’t you dare get my hopes up.  
 
(emotional) I…I want to believe you. I really do, I just don’t know. Your eyes look honest…your spirit, it *feels* honest too, but…this could just be another sick joke you animals like to play. 
 
(Pause)
 
You’d like me to sit beside you? On your bed?...Pull up your blankets first. Let me see underneath them, so I can check you aren’t hiding something. I want to believe you but I just…I can never be sure. 
 
Thank you. If you’re lying to me, I’m going to rain Hell on you personally, you can count on it. 
 
Okay, shall I sit here?
 
-She sits down beside the listener after some hesitation-
 
[Sfx: rustling fabric/ slight bed creak]
 
Okay, I’ve followed your orders, and I’m here now…What do you want? 
 
Move slowly and carefully. If I get a *hint* that this is some sick game, that you still want to hurt me, I’m breaking the contract early. I don't care what the Mother Superior has to say. She can punish me all she wants. 
 
You want to just hold me close to you? O-okay, I get it. Like this? 
 
-Her and the listener slowly come together in a hug- 
 
-The listener holds her gently and starts slowly stroking their hands up and down her back-
 
(Pause, taking in the feeling)
 
(In disbelief) I’ve never felt a human touch so gentle. You aren’t digging your nails into my skin, you aren’t crushing the air out of my lungs. It feels like a gentle breeze on my back. It feels….nice. 
 
Whenever I get a morsel of a good dream, I’ve always imagined what this feels like. I could never really picture it. It was like trying to imagine a new color, or a smell you’d never sensed. No fleeting dream could ever prepare me for this bliss. You’re stroking your fingers down my back so gently.  I feel…safe. 
 
(Sigh) Can you…keep going? 
 
(Cautiously) Don’t go any faster. Do exactly as I say.
 
…Even if you are lying. Even if this is all some pretense to hurt me. I’m happy I managed to get this moment. 
 
[Improv soft murmurs]
 
(Surprised, a little excited) …What did you just say?
 
(Exasperated) Can you stroke my hair? No, no I’m not angry at your question, it’s just that…you asked for my permission. Nobody ever even thinks of my consent, they just…(sigh).
 
 …yes, please go ahead. I give you permission.    
 
(soft gasp) Baphomet on a bicycle, that feels good! (Giggle) Sorry, that really surprised me. Your fingers feel nice
 
(giggle), Yes, sorry. It’s a common phrase in Hell. We say it all the time.
 
(Laugh) No, not to my knowledge. I’ve never actually *seen* Lord Baphomet on a bicycle before. 
 
Maybe he’s Insecure about it? (laugh) He could be. He rarely gives public appearances; he spends most of the time in his Infernal Palace. Maybe he wants peace and quiet to practice his unicycle. Wait- (breaking into laughter) No, I meant bicycle! 
 
Now I can’t get that image out of my head. (Giggle) One of the seven lords of Hell wobbling on a tight-rope, on his unicycle dressed like a clown. *You’d* buy tickets to see that? I’d happily pay for both our tickets.
 
(Improv soft murmurs)
 
You’d like to lie down? I don’t see an issue with that. 
 
[Sfx shuffling fabric as you both re-position]
 
Oh, yes. Mind the horns. They’re a little sharp. (Giggle)
 
somehow, this is even better than before. You’re giving off such a warm glow. This is a kind of tenderness that seems alien to me. heat has always meant burning agony, but this is just…comforting.  
 
-Moving their hand aimlessly, the Listener accidentally touches her tail
 
(Gasp) Oh, um, please don’t touch my tail like that. It’s very sensitive. 
 
-The listener does, quickly apologizing as they move their hand away-
 
(Sigh) I’m still struggling to take this all in. You actually listen to me. I know miracles are the man upstairs’ job, but I think I’ve just had my first one. It’s ironic, I know. 
 
(Giggles) Yes, even more miraculous than using a pentagram to summon a demon, if you can imagine it.
 
-The listener continues to play with the succubus’ hair and massage her back with their hand. She’s getting a warm feeling that’s making her giggle, like she’s drunk- 
 
(Improv soft murmurs growing into giggles)
 
(slurred) Sorry, what did you say? I was too busy melting away to listen (Giggle).    
 
(Suddenly more serious) Ah, about the  “Morsels of dreams” I’d get?…I see. Yes, well, Succubi are made to be perfect sensual creatures. Because of that, we feel everything far more intensely. Pleasure and lust, of course, but also pain and anger; even physical touch. So, when the other humans would hurt me…I…(sniff)
 
(Getting emotional) No, it's okay. I don’t want to stop. It’s the first time I’ve been able to vent my feelings, I’d like to keep going.
 
When the other humans would hurt me, It wasn’t just annoying, or a nuisance. It was pain that I can’t describe. Seeing their gleeful smiles would only make it sting harder. That torment wouldn’t stop after my sessions were finished. It would chase me into my dreams. I catch only morsels of good dreams because the rest are cruel nightmares. They reminded me of what’s waiting the next time I get summoned.
 
All until I met you.
 
(Giggle) I’m going to turn the tables here. This time, I have a request for *you*. 
 
While you’re stroking my hair, could you hold my hand?
 
-The listener moves one hand off her back to hold her hand. As usual, their movements are slow and gentle-
 
(Long Sigh) Yes, that’s okay. Thank you for checking to make sure. *That’s* the good stuff. I’ve always wondered what this feels like.
 
-Just as her eyes are beginning to close and her body relaxes, the Listener moves their hand away -
 
(Worried) W-wait. Please don’t stop. Where are you moving your hand? 
 
-The Listener pulls a thick faux fur blanket over the both of them-
 
[Sfx rustling of heavy fabric]
 
A fur blanket? Oh what sorcery is *this*?. I didn’t think this could get any better, but you’re full to the brim with surprises. You trickster (giggle). It *is* winter for you mortals, I suppose.
 
[Sfx rain slowly starts to fall outside, lasts until end of audio]
 
That’s right. I’ve heard talk of earthly weather from the other Succubi. The girls would gush about snow and sunsets together. I was always too frightened or in too much pain to notice. 
 
Now I can
 
…Rain sounds far better than I imagined. (Happy sigh)
 
You’d like us to fall asleep like this? That sounds like an excellent idea. No complaints from me.
 
(Pause)
 
I’ve never wanted to share this before, especially not to a mortal. but my name is Io. What’s yours?
 
That’s a wonderful name. Even before meeting you, I’ve always liked human names.  
 
Oh! I’ve got a secret to tell you too. 
 
(Whispering) When you summon a succubus, the contract actually lasts for 24 hours. 
 
Shhh, that’s an industry secret (Giggle). Summoning circles are written in dark-speech, so humans can’t read them. Usually we lie to our summoners a little bit; ‘Oh I’m sorry, I can only leave Hell for an hour, it’s part of the rules I’m afraid’. Sometimes we don’t, though; if we’re having a good time we keep quiet and stay a little longer.
 
I could spend the full 24 hours with you, if you’d like?
 
That sounds perfect. I’d like that too.
 
When we awaken tomorrow, I’ll place my sigil on your arm. No, no, It’s okay, there's no need to be afraid. It’s painless and only you can see it. Simply press it to summon me whenever you’d like. I’d gladly have some *intimacy* with you again. (Giggle)
 
(Pause)
 
(Hopeful) Will I finally get to dream?
 
Yes, I hope so too. I don’t see why not. I’m glad I believed you. You weren’t lying after all. 
 
Goodnight, puny mortal (giggle) I’ll see you in the morning.
 
[Improv soft, cuddly murmurs as much as you feel suitable]
 
[The speaker is softly humming, which gradually gets louder as the listener wakes up] 
 
(sang) you are my sunshine, my only sunshine, you make me happy, when skies are gray, you’ll never know dear, how much I love you, please don’t take my sunshine away…
 
[short pause]
 
Oh! You’re finally awake! I was starting to get worried! 
 
[pause]
 
(panicked) Oh goodness please don’t shout, I know it’s scary but I promise I won’t hurt you.
 
[the listener continues to shout and struggle]
 
(gentle shushing) hey now, it’s okay, look at me, yes that’s right, look into my eyes. 
There’s my precious little darling. Hi, I’m sure you have a ton of questions, and I promise I’ll try to answer them as best I can, but you have to promise me you won’t shout, okay?
 
[short pause]
 
Good, good, alright then.
 
[pause]
 
Where are you? Well, you’re in my house. In my basement to be exact. Now I know that when you hear the word basement you must think grimy and dark and cold, but I promise you I made all the necessary preparations to make sure that you’d be comfortable in here. I have a space heater in the corner, and there are plenty of lights, not to mention glow in the dark star stickers for when it’s bedtime.
I also set up a bed for you, and there are some cosy blankets so you can bundle up. I wanted to wait until you were awake to bring down any entertainment because I wanted to make sure I got exactly what you wanted.
 
[pause]
 
Where is my house? Well, uhm… well I can’t say exactly, but I will tell you that I live very far out in the countryside, at least an hour and a half drive to any city. There aren’t many people around these parts.
 
[pause]
 
(apologetic) Oh, I know that’s not a very satisfying answer, but I can only tell you so much. I want to make sure you feel safe and comfortable, so I’ll tell you as much as I can, but some things need to wait until I can trust you more.
 
[pause]
 
My name? Well, you can call me any name you like, darling, but if you’d really like to know my name is _____. (insert name at your discretion)
 
[pause]
 
How’d you get here? Well, that one is simple. Every night before bed, you have a cup of tea to wind you down. It wasn’t very hard to lace the teabags with a little something special to get you to go to sleep. After that all it took as getting you here. Although you took a while to wake up, I was worried I might have given you too much for a moment there.
 
[pause]
 
(sounding hurt) Crazy? W-well that’s not very nice, darling. I’m not crazy I’m just… willing to do what’s necessary for love. 
 
[pause]
 
P-please don’t say stuff like that, darling, I swear I’m not crazy. I’d never do anything to hurt you, honest! I know it must be scary, being in a new place, far away from home, but I didn’t bring you here to do anything bad! I… I love you.
 
[pause]
 
(sigh) I think it’s best if I give you a bit to cool off. You’re hungry right? I’ll go make you something to eat. In the meantime you just sit tight, okay?
 
[door opens and shuts, after a few moments of silence the door opens again]
 
Darling, I’m back! I made breakfast. I’m sure you’re hungry, you’ve been asleep for quite a while.
 
[short pause]
 
You’ve calmed down. Good. I want to make sure that you’re as happy and comfortable as possible, okay? Anyway, it’s nice and warm, so you should eat up before it gets cold. Here, I’ll feed it to you.
 
[pause]
 
Drugged? Why would you think I drugged it?
 
[pause]
 
Well, yes, I did say that didn’t I… H-how about this? I’ll take a bite of everything so that you don’t have to worry.
 
[The speaker takes a few bites]
 
See? It’s all safe. Here.
 
[utensil clink]
 
Open wide.
 
[pause]
 
Well of course I’m feeding you silly, I can’t release your hands just yet, you haven’t adjusted. Once you feel more at home here I’ll let you roam around a bit, but for now, you’ve gotta stay chained to the wall. 
 
[pause] 
 
(sigh) I know it’s hard, but you should at least eat for now and we can have a talk later. Now why don’t you open up?
 
[pause]
 
Hmm, that’s better. 
 
[pause]
 
Is it good? I’ve been working on perfecting some of your favorites, but I’ve never had someone else taste them before.
 
[short pause]
 
It is? Oh goodness darling that makes me so happy! Here, have some more.
 
[utensil clink]
 
There you go. Oh, you’ve got a bit on your chin, here, let me just…
 
[the speaker leans forward and wipes the listener's face with their thumb, then licks it clean]
 
There, all better.
 
[pause]
 
Huh? Well of course I licked it off my finger, would you rather I had you lick it off?
 
[short pause]
 
(giggles) You look so cute when you’re flustered. 
 
[utensil clink]
 
Aw come on now, don’t get all shy all of a sudden. Just a couple more bites, okay?
 
[pause]
 
Good. (giggle) There’s no point in trying to hide your face, I can still see you just fine. Gosh, you’re just the most adorable little thing.
Alright, last one, then you can have some juice, okay?
 
[utensil clink]
 
Alright, here you go, open your mouth just a little bit
(dreamy sigh) you look so cute, you know that? I can’t wait for us to spend the rest of our lives together.
 
[pause as the listener starts coughing on the juice]
 
Oh no! Did I go too fast? I didn’t mean to make you choke, darling! Are you alright?
 
[pause]
 
That’s not it? W-what is it then?
 
[pause]
 
Huh? Darling? Did I say something wrong?
 
[pause]
 
Well of course I said the rest of our lives silly, you’re staying here forever. We belong together! I know you can’t see it now but I promise you that one day you’ll understand! Together we can be truly happy!
 
[pause]
 
(raising voice) Now don’t start with that again, I told you I’m not crazy!
 
(gasp) I-I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to shout. 
 
[The speaker gathers up the dishes]
 
I-I’m gonna go put these away. I think we both need a minute to cool off. 
 
[door opens, the speaker turns back to take one last look at the listener]
 
Hey darling? I love you.
 
[door shuts][Door bell SFX]

(Muffled voice) Wait a minute.

(Pause)

I'm coming I'm coming

[Door opens SFX]

Woah- have mercy on my precious ears. Why are you screaming?

(Pause)

Oh fuck. Sorry I forgot to wear my shirt. Wait a second.

(Pause)

Yeah. Hi! How are you and who are you?

(Pause)

Mrs. Altman? Who is that?

(Pause)

Look lady I have no fucking idea who Mrs. Altman is but are those cookies in your hands?

(Pause)

No she doesn't. I live here now(smiling). I'm your new neighbour. Hi.

(Pause)

Wha- Stop smiling? Why?

(Pause)

You know most girls would die for this look of mine, shirtless and smirking. But whatever, your loss.

(Pause)

I'm an asshole? (Scoffs) Then how come you're blushing?

(Pause)

Yes you are. (Cocky) I'm an asshole but I'm a pretty smart asshole, charming too. And this asshole's got eyes. Your cheeks have turned so red, we can use them as fucking traffic lights.

(Pause)

What's my problem? What's YOUR problem? I am literally the most unproblematic person on this earth and the first thing you do when you meet me is try to pick a fight.

(Pause)

Unless.... Girls do this right? They act all rude and mean with guys they find attractive. Now I see what's happening here. Of course you just couldn't resist how good looking I am so to make it easier, instead of seeking me, you're trying to be my enemy.

So? You find me attractive huh? (Smirking)

(Pause)

Hey- Stop hitting me. Girls are gonna get mad at you for ruining my pretty face!

(Pause)

I am unbelievable? Yes I am. I am unbelievably hot.

(Pause)

[Teasing] Aww leaving so soon? Don't you wanna get more acquainted with your new hot, smart and charming as fuck neighbour?

[Listener starts to walk away and towards her apartment]

[Yelling] Hey but this asshole's got a name you know! It's Caleb!

(Pause)

That's a pretty name. Try not to think about me all day. Bye!

[After a few days]

[Door bell rings]

[Door opens SFX]

Hi! It's me. You... don't seem too happy to see me....

Anyways, Umm I'm out of milk and I really need some coffee right now.

(Pause)

So could I borrow some milk from you?

(Pause)

Because I'm lazy okay. It's 8 in the morning. There is no way I'm going out to get milk when I'm this sleepy. Plus I've got such nice, sweet and helpful neighbours. Why would I go out when I can just get it from you?

(Pause)

What am I doing? I'm putting my foot in between so you can't close the door. Now you are going to let me in like a good girl.

(Pause)

Who said I can come in? I did.

Woahh what were you doing exactly? Are those books? Wow, haven't seen those in years. Seriously how do you even look at those things without falling asleep.

What the fuck you've got like a bunch of these. How much does this one weigh? We could use one of these in my gym instead of dumbbells. (Laughing)

(Pause)

Okay so by the look you're giving me I should probably leave as fast as I can. Just give me milk and I'll get going.

(Pause)

Actually....

(Sheepish) Could I also borrow some coffee? And... sugar too? Fine! Fine! Don't yell at me! I forgot to go grocery shopping okay! Could you just make me some coffee here instead? Please? I'll make it up to you.

(Pause)

How? I don't know, you tell me. What do you want?

(Pause)

Answer your questions? That's wierd... but okay. What do you wanna know?

(Pause)

Why am I out all night? Umm- I... I have night shifts at a company. That is why I am out all night. Because of work.

(Pause)

Uh it's not that popular yet. It's just a small start up company. And the investors are from a foreign country so they keep meetings sometimes, that's why we have to work night shifts as well.

(Pause)

My car? It's... not that expensive. It's just a normal car. Anyone could've bought it (nervous laugh)

(Pause)

Wait- you know the name of the model? How? That car is one of a kind! Only 29 of them were ever made. 1955 Schwarz Drei CLS, Gull-wing doors, 2995 cc single overhead camshaft- Fuck. You've found a way to get through me. Why do you keep asking me these questions? Why do you care if my car is expensive or not? Why do you wanna know what I do when I'm out all night?

Wait, how did you know I'm out all night? Are you like... a stalker?

(Pause)

Just curious? (Scoffs) Sounds like stalking to me. By the way, you didn't answer my question. How did you know the name of the model?

(Pause)

Holy fuck what? You're studying to become a mechanical engineer? Damn that's... Interesting. That explains all those thick bunch of books on your dining table.

So, you live here alone? All by yourself? Don't you get lonely?

(Pause)

I know I live alone too. But I've got my reasons. What are yours?

[Listener pours the coffee in a mug and tosses it to you]

Oh thanks. So, you were saying...

[You listen to her telling about her future plans, while sipping on your coffee]

Ohh wow, you've got your whole life planned on a map huh? Living away from home for college, doing jobs even when you have rich parents, preparing for masters in a different country. Does it even go according to your plans?

(Pause)

So far it has? That's nice. Let's see if it still goes the same way.... (Smirking) Now that I'm here.

Shut up don't get all worked up now, I was kidding.

(Pause)

My parents? What about them?

(Pause)

I don't have any parents.

(Pause)

No. I used to live in foster homes. They kept hoping to find a family who would adopt me but by that time I was already 18 and had already lived in 4 foster homes. All of which didn't really give a fuck about me.

(Pause)

No don't be sorry. I don't really care anymore. I'm just happy I'm free now. Free to do whatever I want, whoever I want to meet, wherever I wanna go.

(Pause)

Tonight? No I won't be home. Why?

(Pause)

A potluck? With the neighbours? You really think I would be willing to come to one of those. You don't know anything about me, do you?

(Pause)

I'm not being mean, I just have a race- A MEETING! I have a meeting at 2 am with one of our investors. So no, I can't come for the potluck. I wouldn't have come even if I wasn't busy. Way too cringey for me.

(Pause)

Calm down foxy, I'm not obligated to do any of that okay. I pay my rent, I've done my part as a resident of this building.

(Pause)

By the way, thanks for the coffee. I appreciate it. I'll leave now.

[Footsteps start]

[You give the listener a small smile and walk towards the door before she calls out to you and stops you.]

[Footsteps stop]

[Door opens SFX]

Yeah? What is it?

(Pause)

Tone it down a little? What do you mean?

(Pause)

(Embarassed) Oh... last night. You heard that? (Chuckles) I'm not surprised. We didn't even try to be quiet.

(Pause)

I can't help you with that foxy. You're just going to have to get used to it. And to correct you, that wasn't my girlfriend. Just a random girl who wanted to have some fun.

(Pause)

I know I'm a jerk. But that still doesn't stop girls from drawing towards me. So guess who wins in the end?

That's right. Have fun at the potluck foxy. Don't miss me too much.

[Door closes SFX]I have something for you. I'd say it's a gift, but it's a little bit of a gift for myself too, to be honest.
 
Here… *Speaker digs through a bag, taking something out, a small sound of metal tags gently jostled by the movement*
 
(Pause as the listener takes the item, looking at it thoughtfully.)
 
Do you like it….?
 
(Listener gives the Speaker a small, Shy nod.)
 
You do? 
Promise you're not just saying that to be polite?
 
(Listener gently reaffirms they like the gift)
 
You do know it's for /YOU/, right?
I bought it for you, not for a pet or anything. 
 
That's fine?
You like it?
 
*Smiling* Do you want to try it on?
 
(Speaker nods.)
 
[Sound of the metal tag or clasp jingling as the collar is clasped gently around the listener's neck.]
 
There we go. How is that?
Perfect. 
It looks wonderful on you. 
 
Comfortable?
Not too tight?
Good.
 
Now, I know sometimes people might think it's… odd to wear a collar, but I think they can look very cool or very cute. And, for me, it's mostly about the sentiment.
 
I'm giving this to you because I want you to have something to remind you of how much you're cared about. 
How if you're lost, you can always come find me. 
So you know you have someone you can just… let go and be vulnerable to. To take care of you. Keep you safe.
Something to remind you that you're not  only just a good person, but that you're also a Good Boy. *smiling*
 
You like being called that, right?
 
[Listener smiles and nods]
 
So, why don't you be a good boy and lay your head down on my lap?
 
*Softly Spoken, or whispered for the rest of the duration*
 
That's it.
 
Good Boy.
 
(If desired, speaker can improvise some gently whispered ASMR style speaking, like repeating "Good, good, good, good boy" if you like ASMR style whispers!)
 
And good boys deserve gentle headpats, don't they?
 
You'll do as I say, won't you?
 
So you can be rewarded with praise and headpats, right?
 
Can you be patient for me?
 
While I just look at you, in your new collar?
 
Just gentle touches…
 
*SFX, Speaker touches the collar, tapping or running their fingers over the collars material, touching the clasp, touching the rings or metal tags as the speak*
 
It's so pretty. 
I think it suits you well. 
It's subtle enough you could wear it anywhere you wanted if you'd like. 
 
But serves ita purpose of letting you know who to submit to. 
 
And here, on this tag…
*SFX, indicating the tag*
 
We can put your name, or a nick name,... anything you'd like…
Or leave it empty.  
 
We can take this off and you can pick something else you'd like too.
 
Whatever makes it comforting for you to wear.
 
Now, since you've been so patient,...
 
You want gentle touches on your hair, right?
Would you like that?
 
*Softly, dotingly*
Yes,... yes he's so well behaved because he loves gentle headpats, doesn't he? 
That's my sweet darling boy. So sweet listening to me.
 
Now, Close your eyes. Shhh..
 
And breathe in slowly….
*Speaker takes a breath in*
 
And Out…..
 
That's it,.... shhhh…
 
(Feel free to continue breathing exercises for as long as you'd like)
 
 
Now, can I touch your hair?
 
*SFX, Speaker touching listener's hair as they continue*
 
Good boy.
 
That's my Good boy. My sweet, sweet, sweet good boy…
 
Shhh….shh.
 
Just Relax.. while I pet your hair. 
 
Just focus on the feeling…
Of my fingers going through your hair. 
 
There's nothing to worry about.. everything's okay. 
 
Shhh…
Everything's okay. It's alright. 
 
Just keep doing your best. 
 
And make sure you get some rest too.
 
It's okay. 
 
Just let me run my fingers through your hair..
 
Shhh… shhh
 
And can I touch your ears?
 
That's it. 
 
My sweet good boy deserves all the scritches his heart desires, don't you?
 
Yes,... yes. Such a calm, quiet and well behaved boy.
 
Just keep resting in my lap. 
Keep your eyes closed and just relax. 
It's alright. 
 
Shhhh….shhh….
 
You're so soft and fluffy… fluffy fluffy fluffy.
Like a precious little puppy.
 
You remind me a lot of a dog I used to have once. Just in the way that you carry yourself. 
And how you curl up in my lap. 
 
*Gentle brushing sounds continue*
 
Shhhh, shhhh shhh.
 
It's okay, just let me hold you for a bit. 
Just be calm, and cozy and sleepy. 
 
Let your mind drift off into sleep. 
And I'll be here when you wake up. 
 
Right here.
 
That's it, that's my Good, good, good boy. 
My darling… sweet… precious… gentle… boy. 
 
Just let yourself rest. 
 
There's not many other things that shows such trust, than when your precious pet sleeps in your lap. 
 
Fully letting his guard down… being so vulnerable. It's such a special treat.
 
And as such, deserves special rewards.
 
As many gently pats as your heart desires. 
 
Anything that let's you know what a good, good boy you are. 
 
So just rest…
 
Shhhh, shhh…….
 
Rest.
 
You're safe. 
 
You're cared for. 
 
And you're such a good boy. 
 
*SFX, Hairbrushing continues*
 
Goodnight.  Can you believe the nerve of that waitress? I told her that we're just friends and she actually laughed. And she kept looking at me in this knowing way, like she knew my feelings better than I do.

...

 Can't a guy and a girl just be friends these days? Why does everyone assume we're dating? I mean sure, we spend a lot of time together, but that's natural, we've been friends since like, the first grade. That doesn't mean we're in love.

...

 Exactly! I'm so tired of having to explain to everyone why we're not a couple. Couples do all kinds of things together that we don't.

...

 Yeah. Like flirting. Couples flirt with each other and I don't.... Okay, well, I don't flirt with you that often.

...

 What's that supposed to mean? I-it's just, remember that time we went on a "not-date" for Valentine's Day? We did kind of flirt with each other then. B-but only for fun! We were hamming it up as a joke, that's all. *Nervous laugh*

...

 True. I guess we've kind of kept doing it since then. But not like, seriously, right? Oh not that I don't actually think you're handsome or anything! I do, ah, in a platonic way of course!

...

 Alright, so we do flirt. But that can't mean... Oh I know. Couples kiss! We don't do that. Sure I peck you on the cheek sometimes, but those don't count. They're not like, real kisses or anything. ... W-why do you not look convinced?

...

 The Christmas party? Oh yeah we did kiss then, didn't we? Stupid Danni and her stupid mistletoe. Whatever that was just some freak thing. Not that it wasn't enjoyable or anything but, ah, in a platonic way...

...

 What do you mean that wasn't the only time? Wait are you talking about that one time in High School? That was just some dumb teenage dare, that's all. Same with that time at the party or the other time at movie night!

...

 Okay so I guess we do kiss a little more than your average best friends. But that just shows how comfortable we are with each other. We can kiss and it's totally platonic!

...

 What else do couples do? They cuddle right? I know we do that too, but only when you make me watch scary movies. At least at first, now I do it because it's just so comfortable.

...

 Do I cuddle with any of my other friends? Well, no. But I'm not as close with them.

...

 I know! Couples go on dates and, sure we do a lot of the things couples do on dates. but we don't call them that.

...

 It is not bad logic!

...

 Prom? Okay, yeah you took me to prom, and homecoming. But those don't count, they were friend dates, not date dates.

...

 *Sighs* I know I just contradicted myself, didn't I? Wait I got it! Couples celebrate their anniversaries, and we don't have an anniversary!

...

 A friendship anniversary is not the same thing! I bet a ton of best friends go on a d- err, I mean hang out, on the day they met. *Awkward laugh*

...

 We hold hands too, but that doesn't count. At least it shouldn't.

...

 No, I don't know of any other best friends who go to fancy restaurants together, all alone. But that doesn't mean it doesn't happen!

...

 *Laughs* We're freaking out over nothing. Relationships aren't about the actions you take, it's about what you feel. That's why we're not a couple, it isn't about not kissing, it's about how we feel about each other.

...

 And how do I feel about you? Well I think you're funny, thoughtful, and kind. I feel happy and strong whenever I'm around you, and whenever we've been away from each other for too long, I start to miss you. I even remember getting a little jealous the last couple times you dated. And honestly, I think it's because I can't picture my life without you in it...

...

 ... Hey, so. Don't panic. But I think we're a couple.Hey there, I need to talk to you. Come with me to the empty room across the hallway, would ya?

[Silence]

What's with that look? You go deaf over the summer? I asked you to come with me, so we need to go. Now hurry up!

[More silence]

Hey, quit staring at me like that! You could at least answer someone when they're talking to you. (Sigh) Look, could you PLEASE come with me to the empty room across the hallway?

[You could hear a pen drop in the silence]

(Whisper) Oh, come on! What else do I have to do to convince you? (/Whisper) Alright, fine. Do you want something from me? Maybe more school supplies? Money? Maybe you've been eyeing some video game like the other nerds at school? Oh my god, just say something, please! I really wouldn't be trying this hard if it wasn't important, so please just come talk to me!

[Short Pause]

Apologize? For what?

[Silence]

You know what? Fine. I'm sorry for having Todd spill your lunch yesterday, you satisfied?

[Silence]

Ugh, and the time I had Todd dump the Gatorade tub over you at the football game.

[Silence]

Oh, come on, what else do you want from me? What, should I apologize for ruining that date you had? The only reason I did that was- (Deep breath) Fine, I apologize for that too. Now, can you come with me?

Look, I literally wouldn't even bother with you if it wasn't urgent. You are the only one I can talk to about this, believe me. I weighed all my options and you are the only one that wouldn't blow up in my face. Can you please stop with this and just come with me?

[Short Pause]

Geez, finally. Come on, let's hurry. Mr. Bradley, can you have our late passes ready for us when we come back. You're the best!

[Cut for a few seconds]

Ah, some peace and quiet. Really wish you didn't have to argue so much, the bell already rang and I'm missing Chemistry again. It's your fault if I flunk the quiz tomorrow.

Here, I'm just going to be straight with you; there's been some... extraneous circumstances and I need you to be my boyfriend for a week.

Ok ok, I know that sounds a little weird, but let me explain. I just need you to act like my boyfriend for a little bit, just a bit of flirting and maybe a little touching until after the school dance next week and I will literally leave you alone for the rest of high school. I will tell everyone else to leave you alone, and you will have zero problems for the rest of the time we're stuck in this school.

[Short Pause]

Yeah, I know I have Todd already, but this isn't about that. You could say this is something to make him a bit jealous. Wouldn't you like to get back at him a bit? Come on, just do it! You know what I can do if you refuse...

[Short Pause]

W-what do you mean I couldn't do worse if I tried?! I can ruin your life, y'know! I can destroy any friendships you have, don't test me!

[Short Pause

Rrrgh, fine! You don't want to do it, then don't! Leave for all I care! Go and live your sad life, I don't care!

[The listener turns to leave]

No, please wait, I didn't mean that! It's just... Look, I know I've been cryptic, I know you don't like me, but trust me, I wouldn't ask anything of you without a reason! Please come back and let me explain!

Alright, I'll tell you everything. It's just... I mean, it's really embarrassing, but... I-it's Todd, okay? He used to just be like a big dog that I could give a bit of attention to and he would do what I want, but lately, he's been different. He's been getting more distant and even a bit aggressive lately. No, he hasn't hit me or anything, just that he hasn't been listening to me like he was before. he's been getting a lot closer to my friends than I'd like. To put it bluntly, he's cheating on me.

[Short Pause]

No, I have evidence, too. I looked through his phone earlier this weeks and I found out he was sending texts with my friend Sarah. They were flirting and talking about me behind my back, and it made me so angry. I even tried looking through his window when he told me he was studying.

[Short Pause]

I know, right? That lug, studying?! I didn't believe it for a second! I looked through his window, and what did I see? I saw that bastard kissing that hussy, Jessica. He knows I hate her and he does this to me? After I saw that, I lost it. It was all so... so...

[Start crying]

So horrible! How could he do this to me? I mean, if both he and Sarah are doing this behind my back, than are all my friends in on this? I feel so alone... I didn't know who to turn to, because I couldn't trust anyone... I'm supposed to be the most popular girl in the school, the one that everyone respects and adores, but now it feels like everything is falling apart! Before I know it, I'll be a recluse just like you!

[Continue crying for a bit, but then slowly stop]

(To yourself) N-no, stop, you're stronger than this. You didn't get to the top of the food chain by crying. Actually, wait... Oh God, why am I doing this in front of you?! Did I really just show all that to you?! This is so embarrassing! Pretend you never saw that, got it?!

(Sigh) Anyway, like I said before, this can be beneficial for both of us. I can get back at that cheating jerk, and you can finally get your revenge for everything he did to you. We play up our relationship like we're just so happy without him and I can teach him a lesson about playing around. If he wants to fool around with my friends behind my back, then I can play around with anyone I want too!

Not only that, but you can show him that you're better than him, that you can take much better care of me than he ever could. Would you want to show him the what-for and finally get that one-up on him?

[Short Pause]

Why you? Well, that's the thing. I couldn't ask Todd's friends because they're both too stupid to understand what I need and too loyal to Todd. If I try anything with them, they'll either brag about how they "scored" with me or snitch on me to him, and I can't risk that. I certainly can't ask any of the other nerds, either because they're too shy and weak-willed. They'll either run and abandon me when Todd shows up or stand up to him and get crushed.

But that's where you come in. You've always been the quiet type, so I know you aren't gonna kiss and tell, and despite all you've been through, you've never failed to tell off either me or Todd and stand up to us. Not to mention, while I'm a bit embarrassed to admit it, I've noticed how you bulked up a bit over the summer. You been lifting any since then?

Well, all I'm trying to say is, I need you to make this work, and you will only come out of this better for it. Just pretend you're my boyfriend for a week until after the fall dance, we have a "falling out" and then break up, simple as that. I get my reputation back as the one girl everyone should be fearful of angering, and you get that sweet, sweet revenge on the guy that's been bullying you all these years. Doesn't the idea sound tantalizing?

[Short Pause]

Alright, alright, I understand. I'll also have Mr. Bradley change the grade of your last English test. He's basically under my thumb since I caught him with Stacy, anyway. (Whisper) Suck me dry like a vampire, why don't ya? (/Whisper) Do we have a deal or not?

Great! Glad we could finally agree on something! Hey now, don't leave just yet! We still need to set the ground rules! I trust that you won't take this too far, but I have to let you know what is and isn't allowed so you don't get any funny ideas about us.

First of all, just because you're pretending to be my boyfriend, that doesn't mean you have to talk to me at every opportunity. If you see me outside of school and we're not around our friends, do not approach me. I will not acknowledge you unless I have to.

While we are in school, you are going to shower with me with compliments and basically show me off, especially in front of Todd. Touching will be kept to a minimum. I will allow the arm over the shoulder, hand holding, or in case of an emergency, a hug. There will never be a situation where I will ask you to kiss me, so don't even dream of it.

And finally, and this is the most important part, after this is done and the dance is over, we are splitting up and going our separate ways. Never forget that this is business and there is nothing else to it. You end up falling for me, and that's your problem. Do not make this any harder for either of us than it already is.

Ok, you got all that written down?

[Short Pause]

Ugh, of course you didn't. Look, you do get it, right? Just flaunt our relationship a bit, don't talk to me outside of school, keep touching to the bare minimum, no trying to kiss me and most of all, NO FALLING IN LOVE!

Alright, you're free to go. Be sure to see Mr. Bradley for your late pass. See you tomorrow for class, babe.
(You approach the listener while they’re laying in bed)

Hey, honey/sweetie/darling?

I um,

I can see that you're in really rough shape… and I want to propose something to you.

I think it would be best if I took over the Dom role for today, just for a little while.

You know I'm not the strongest switch in the world… but you know I love it when you're acting all subby for me, right?

(Listener responds)

It's just that I had a problem in the past that- (deep breath)

(Collecting your thoughts)

I judge myself harshly sometimes when I think about how well I could be a Dom for you and I’ve tried to stay away from it, because I thought I wasn't strong enough…

but seeing you right now in your current state, well- I can see that you're exhausted and need extra attention.

(Playfully) You always do so much for me so I want to help you. Besides, I can't expect you to be Dom all the time for me.

I think I want to try my hand at doing this, at least until you get better, okay?

(Listener asks what you think they need)

I think you need someone who can reassure you and hold you and make you feel like you're going to be okay - because I know you are! I know you're going to be okay

It's just..

I’m here for you. I have a feeling that you'll believe what I’m saying a whole lot more than if I'm acting like your good girl.

(Resolve, as if coming to a conclusion) I know what you need and I'm going to give it to you, if you're okay with that.

(Listener confirms)

Thank you honey/sweetie/darling.

(With a little more confidence than before) I'm going to hold you, okay?

(Listener expresses concerns over you getting sick)

No- No- don't worry about me getting sick, alright? We're going to be fine. You don't need to think about that right now.

I'm gonna just hold you.

Next to me.

I'm going to lay down in bed with you.

[Light sounds of bed sheets rustling]

Hmm.

And have you rest your head on my tits. (Happy sigh)

That’s it.

I'm so lucky to have such a good boy. A strong, smart soul in my life.

I love you so much.

(Under your breath) Mine. (kissing noise as if kissing the top of their head)

(Speaker is appreciating the moment)

Now.. I have plans for us for the rest of the day.

(Speaker inquires about what that could be)

For starters, you are going to do a lot of resting.

I don't want to see you doing anything you don't have to, alright?

I'm going to take care of you.

I'm going to bring you everything you need, you just have to ask.

And please don't hesitate to ask.

(With a smile) I'm going to look after you.

Now, I'm going to get you some of the comfiest blankets in this place.

And I'm going to wrap you up good.

I’ll find your headphones and we're going to put on something nice for you to listen to, that just drones on and on-

Don't feel bad for falling asleep, okay honey/sweetie/darling?

I want you to rest.

Because when you're resting, that's when your body can heal.

(Observing the listeners face) Hmmm.

(The beginning of slower cadence as if the listener is starting to fall asleep in your arms) So…

You're going to stay in bed

and listen to me talk for a little bit.

I'm going to run my fingers through your hair.

and I might just start rambling on about something that you don't care about...

but that's okay, because I just need you to hear me while you fall asleep

Taking a deep breath, relaxing the oh-so tense muscles in your back and your shoulders.

and drift in and out of sleep.

Nothing else matters right now,

you don't really need to pay attention to what I'm saying, honey/sweetie/darling.

I just want you to relax.

I just want you to feel comfortable and good.

(Another kiss on their head)

I know you're tired, that's okay- you're going to feel better later.

I'm right here and I'm going to hold you and shower you with so much affection you won't know what to do with it.

(Happy Sigh) We're going to get you back on your feet.

(Slow cadence ends here) (A long pause is here. 7 seconds minimum.)

(Whispered) When you get up later.

(Listener is half-asleep)

(Whispered) When you wake up,

(Whispered) We can watch those movies you like...

(Listener sleepily mumbles out a question about which movies)

(Whispered)(Said with a smile) You know which ones

(Whispered) And I'll make something for us to eat, that won't put your stomach through the ringer…

(Whispered) And we'll keep doing this until you feel better

END.Hey baby ---

[Kiss]

I told you that you didn’t need to wait up for me. The meeting always take forever this time of year, the witching hour almost turned into the witching morning.

...

Are you still studying? Baby, your test is the day after tomorrow, you need your sleep. Listen, I know you’ve been working really hard to get ready, and I know you’re going to do your very best.

Do I need to put you to bed?

Hey. Listen. I’m the boss around here, right? You know I love you, and I want what’s best for us. So turn that brain off and do what I say, ok? Let’s get you to bed.

[Kiss]

I want you to think about how nice and warm and soft our sheets are, how comfy your pillow is, and I don’t just mean the one on the bed. I washed everything this morning, so even our pajamas are soft and fresh tonight. Come with me.

Still reluctant.

Alright, you leave me no choice, if you want to do your best on your exam, then we’ll have to do this the hard way

...

Mhmm, how observant. How are you going to study if your loving, wonderful, witchy girlfriend is straddling your lap, huh? Such a thorny problem, it’s almost like that’s what I was going for.

Baby.

You are so smart and so sexy. But I want you to know --- Hey, eyes up here, look at me --- but I want you to know, no matter how this test turns out, I’m not the one testing you. You could walk out with the lowest score in the world and I would still be positively crazy about you, because you’re kind, you listen to me, and the way you see things brings so much joy into my life.

[Chuckle]

You could be as dumb as a rock, and I’d still be here, sitting on your lap, arms over your shoulders, telling you how dreamy you are. Now I’ve got some very special lipstick here. Bright, bubblegum pink. Soft, not too waxy. I love this color, but I can’t eat or drink when I wear it, because it just rubs off on everything.

I left my compact in my purse, but...I’ve got you here. And I know magic always makes your head spin because it’s more symbolic than logical, so let me *spell *it out for you. I can use the reflection in your eyes to help me put on my lipstick. There’s something I like about that, I’m literally using how you see me as an instrument while I make myself more beautiful for you.

Mhmm.

Do you really have time to think about studying while I’m squeezing your waist with my thighs? Maybe you shouldn’t worry so much about this test, and start paying attention to what trouble I’m brewing up for you.

[Kiss, slow, soft]

Sorry, I didn’t mean to say you should worry, because you shouldn’t have to worry about anything. This is only the most fun kind of trouble. I’m going to give you another little cheek kiss.

[Kiss]

Isn’t that just nice? The faint warmth of my mouth, my lips gently pressing against your skin. It tingles a little, doesn’t it? The warmth lingers, like a glowing feeling, almost. Spreading up your face, down to your collar. Tingling down your spine. Don’t worry about putting it into words. All you need to know, really, is that it feels good, and relaxing. Just let me run my fingers along the back of your neck, I know you like it so.

[Kiss]

Mhmm. That leaves you unbalanced, doesn’t it? Then I think I should kiss the other cheek again, just to even you out.

[Kiss]

Your eyes are starting to droop. Poor dear. It’s so cute how you want to fight this.

[Kiss]

But you can’t, sweetie. This little ritual, this slow dance of we’re doing of touching and kissing, I’m marking you with my affection.

[Kiss]

And you’re melting like butter. You’re trying to be strong, but ---

[Kiss]

But every kiss makes things even more tingly. I like watching it spread through your body.

[Kiss]

All your tension fleeing your body. Going down your chest, into your arms, your legs, being chased away by this relaxing magic. Mhmm, I’m running out of space to kiss you, I think I should start kissing your neck.

[Kiss]

And of course that just deepens your feeling of bliss. Your relaxation is like a wheel that only turns one way, the calm, tingly feeling just grows inside you. Don’t you think my kisses are nice?

Do you remember what you were doing? It’s alright, it doesn’t even bother you because you’re too busy enjoying how relaxed you are, from the top of your head, down to the tips of your toes. You might start losing track, are you awake or are you asleep right now? Your eyes are getting so heavy, aren’t they? You might not have notice before, but now that you’re thinking about it, it’s just too hard to keep them open. Not that there’s much for you to see, you can just listen to my voice.

[Kiss]

And enjoy my sweet little kisses. They’re going to take you to dreamland, and I’ve got something special for you.

[Glass tinkling]

I know you can’t see it, so I’ll just tell you what it is. I’ve got a little glass bottle, just for you. A good witch is always ready to bottle ingredients, and you have something very important that you just don’t need right now. It’s going to hold all your thoughts. Uh-huh, every last one of them. They’re so extra, when you’re doing such a good job getting all relaxed and sleepy. And they’ll still be there tomorrow, so I’m just going to take them away.

[Kiss]

Take them away, one by one.

[Kiss]

Doesn’t that feel so much better? I’m just going to kiss them all away. Maybe kiss your ears.

[Kiss]

Mhmm, that was a tasty one, you had all these big thoughts in your head.

[Kiss]

All these things on your mind, and now you don’t.

You couldn’t think even if you wanted to.

[Kiss]

If you try to remember, you just get...

Bliss. That feeling of relaxation swallows you.

You’re turning --- [Kiss] --- brainless.

I’m kissing you stupid.

Kissing your forehead.

[Kiss]

And holding you close to me.

And I’ll let you hold onto one little thought. One little idea won’t hurt, and you know, if it’s the only one you’ve got, we can really let it sink in.

[Deliberately] I’m proud of you.

That’s it. That’s the little thought I’m letting you keep.

[Kiss]

Everything else just..fades away. There’s no if’s and’s, or but’s. I’m proud of you. Such a little idea. And your mind is so mushy right you can’t think any thoughts, but if you do.

If you dream, sweetie.

You only have one thought. And it’s going to bloom into the sweetest dreams for you, baby.*The sounds of people talking and walking through the hallways are all around Listener as she exits the lecture hall. Just as she begins to walk down the hallway, a man steps up next to her, clearing his throat.*

“Excuse me, hi. Sorry to bother you but I uh… I wanted to ask you something, I guess?”

*Confused, Listener asks if she knows him.*

*Slightly bashful* “Uh, no, I don’t think you know me. I mean, we’re in the same dorm and had a humanities class together last semester, but I don’t think we’ve actually interacted beyond a few seconds of eye contact.”

*Listener, starting to feel uneasy, takes a step back.*

“Wait, sorry, I know that sounds weird. God, I’m terrible at things like this.”

*Narrator sighs, clearly starting to feel embarrassed.*

*Hesitant* “I… Uh… There was something I wanted to talk to you about, I guess? Shit, there’s really no good way to say this. Could we maybe talk about this somewhere else? Somewhere we aren’t surrounded by people?”

(Pause)

“I promise it’s nothing weird or creepy. At least, it’s nothing creepy. Despite the way I felt the need to clarify that I’m not being creepy.”

*Listener asks Narrator what he wants to talk about.*

“Um… I can’t really say it right here. That’s why I’m asking you if we can go somewhere more private.”

*Listener tells Narrator that she’s not going anywhere until he explains what he needs to talk about.*

*Growing more nervous* “Listen, I really can’t tell you right now, but I promise I’ll explain if we just go somewhere else. Please, can we just go like, anywhere else? What about the hallway right over here, beside the locker rooms?

*Listener refuses unil Narrator explains why they need to talk to her.*

*Still nervous, but growing a bit frustrated.* “I-I just told you, I can’t tell you right here. There’s too many people here for-”

*Listener turns begin to walk away.*

“Shit, wait! Wait, please!”

*Narrator catches up to Listener in a few quick steps.*

“Fine, I’ll explain here, just… Stand still so I can tell you.”

*Listener stands still, albeit reluctantly, as Narrator lets out a tense sigh.*

“Just… please don’t… get mad at me, okay? I’m really not trying to be creepy or an asshole, I swear.”

(Pause)

*Leaning down to whisper in Listener’s ear* “Okay, so the reason I need to talk to you is… Oh god I can’t believe I’m actually telling you this but… I need you to take control and make a mess of me. Like, really ruin me.”

*Surprised, Listener takes a stumbling step backwards as Narrator makes an embarrassed noise.*

*Flustered* “I-I mean, not in that way! We just met and I definitely don’t expect you to just, y’know…! I just meant, uh… Oh, god, everyone is looking at us now. Can we please go somewhere else now?”

*Confused and intrigued, Listener agrees and walks through the busy, talkative crowd with Narrator, going to the aforementioned hallway. This offshooting hallway next to the locker room is much quieter than the one they had been in. Only two pairs of footsteps can be heard in the otherwise empty hall. Narrator sighs when they finally come to a stop further down the hall where no prying eyes can see them.*

*Bashful* "Thanks for coming with me. It's just so awkward to talk about things like that when we're around so many people and there's a chance that they can all hear us."

*Listener bluntly asks Narrator what he meant when he said that he wants Listener to ‘ruin him.’*

“Oh, yeah, I guess I should probably explain what I meant back there, shouldn’t I?”

(Pause)

*Sheepish, apologetic* “Yeah, ‘obviously,’ I know. I’m sorry about that, but you said you wouldn’t come with me unless I told you why I needed to talk to you! So I told you, but, like I was saying, it’s something that we would be better off talking about in private."

*Listener gives Narrator a deadpan look, saying nothing.*

"Right, I should start explaining myself, shouldn't I?"

*A brief awkward silence follows before Narrator before he clears his throat.*

"I have a thing for nerdy girls. I just think they're really cute and sweet, but also determined and smart. Like, they're so passionate about what they like, and they can give you whiplash when they talk about even the simplest things. They just know so much about everything, and I think that's really hot.”

*Listener remarks that they don’t know everything, they have probably acquired enough knowledge about so many things that it seems like they know everything, but they have probably have a select few fields in which their interest has brought them more extensive knowledge. They list a few examples about their own interests and the research they’ve done into them. Narrator sighs dreamily.*

“Yes, exactly like that! See, that kind of thing is super hot to me. The way you just find something you want to know and keep learning about it until you’re satisfied. I just really admire that."

(Pause)

"Yeah, really. It's just… I dunno, something about how invested nerdy girls get into their work, it's so cool. Like, you know, that whole 'it's about drive, it's about power' mindset. It's so impressive to see how much they focus on something. The sheer amount of attention they can devote to what they're doing is stunning."

*Narrator laughs softly, still bashful.*

*Voice quieter now, almost whispering* "If I'm honest, I always wanted to be the center of that kind of focus. I think it would be intimidating, but also really exciting. And that's partially why I'm talking to you right now."

*Listener asks him to explain.*

"Well, I wanted to talk to you because… Because I just can't take it anymore! I want to have a nerdy girl make me all weak in the knees and get me to blush, and you're the perfect candidate. You're my dream girl."

*Listener, surprised, needs a minute to take in what Narrator has said before asking Narrator to elaborate.*

“Why you? There’s a lot of reasons you’re exactly who I’m looking for. You’re really smart and clever. Listening to you talk is absolutely mesmerizing, I could do it all day. You’re absolutely adorable, especially when you’re focused. Or when you’re angry. Or whenever you’re passionate about something really. But speaking of you being angry, you have quite the temper on you, too. I find it pretty attractive, actually. Your personality is just so - how do I even describe it? Fun? Fascinating? Bright? Ooh, yeah, bright! You’ve got a really bright personality, and let me just say, I’m like a moth for bright, pretty girls like you!”

*Narrator laughs, amused by his own corny pick up line. Listener bluntly asks him why he wants her to ‘ruin him.’*

“Oh right! So basically, the reason I want you to kiss me senseless is because, to put it simply, I can’t stop thinking about you. You have that lecture class three times a week, right? Monday, Wednesday, Friday, every week. And every week, you sit in the same spot in that lecture hall. Well, you know there’s one wall of that classroom that’s just glass? That wall actually faces the gym that’s connected to the locker rooms right behind us. I wasn’t sure if you even noticed that, given how you actually pay attention to that class, but since the gym has glass walls, too. From some spots, you can even see into the gym, and I can see into the classroom.”

“So usually, when I’m doing certain workouts, I can see you while I do them. And I’m only human, so when I see a really pretty girl who looks like she’s my type, I can’t help but keep looking. Especially when I keep seeing that same pretty girl in that same class every time I’m in the gym. I figured that, eventually, I’d be able to quit thinking about you while I work out and actually get my head back into it. But as time passed, I just kept looking at you more, and I realized that I just couldn’t stop thinking about you at all. You were just so magnetic, and I couldn't get you out of my head."

"Of course, I started having little daydreams about you. Talking to you in the halls, asking you to help me with my homework, holding your hand while we study together… The more I thought about you, the more romantic the daydreams got. Then one day, I thought about what it would be like if we kissed. I thought about how it would feel to pin you to the wall and make out with you. But I realized pretty quick that I'd honestly like it much better the other way around. After I thought about that, though, it's like it consumed me. All I could think about was you, grabbing me and pushing up against the wall. It didn't matter where; in the library while we were studying, in the elevator back at the dorms, in the locker room after I was changing. I just wanted you, your hands on me as you kissed me until I couldn't breathe. I still want that, honestly. It's like I said, I can't stop thinking about you. I want you to make me weak in the knees and leave me speechless. I want you to look up at me with those pretty eyes and tell me that you’re going to kiss me, and then do it. I want you to kiss me how you want, however you want, and when I’m gasping for breath, I want you to tell me that I’m yours. “

“Like I said, I just can’t get that thought out of my head, and it’s starting to affect everything. My grades were fairly good, but they’re starting to drop and I’m having a hard time pulling them back up. My coworkers keep telling me that I’m zoning out during my shifts. Hell, even when I’m working out now, it’s so hard to focus that I usually have to have someone count my reps so I don’t get confused and have to start over. You’re completely taking over my every thought, and I can't handle it anymore! So I’m here, asking you if you’ll push me up against the wall and kiss me, just this once, so I can get my head back to normal. And that is… Yeah, that’s everything I wanted to tell you.”

*There’s a long pause as Listener processes everything.*

“So… What do you think-?”

*Listener cuts Narrator off, telling him that she needs more time to think.*

*Understanding, reassuring* “More time to think? I totally understand that. Take all the time you need. No pressure.”

*Listener is silent as she thinks. Narrator starts to hum a nonsensical but cheerful tune to pass the time.*

*Puppy-like excitement* “Oh! Did you decide what you want to do? Did you want to kiss me? I mean, you can tell me no, I’m definitely not going to force you into anything. I’m not that kind of guy, I swear. My first impression was weird to say the least, so I wouldn’t blame you at all-”

*Listener cuts Narrator off mid-sentence by putting her hands on his shoulders and quickly pushing him against the wall behind him. Narrator gasps, but quickly ends up laughing in surprised excitement.*

“Wait, are- are you going to kiss me right now? Oh my god. Do you want to*?* Kiss me, I mean? Do you really want to kiss me? Because I would absolutely love that. A lot. I would love to kiss you right now.”

*With no other words, Listener leans forward and presses her lips against Narrator’s. She isn’t rough or aggressive, but she is assertive, hands holding Narrator in place as she moves her lips against his. Narrator happily complies with Listener’s kiss, following her movements. When they pull away, Narrator laughs, giddy.*

“Oh, that’s even better than how I thought it would feel! Your lips are so soft and warm. And when you did that little thing where you like, bit my lip- Hot damn, that felt good. What flavor of lip gloss are you wearing? It tasted different, I don’t think I’ve ever tried that kind before.”

(Short Pause)

“Lavender? Huh. I didn’t even know they made lip gloss in that flavor. Don’t get me wrong, I like it. It’s unique, and it suits you. Sweet, but strong. It tastes so good on you.”

*Listener responds positively to the statement before kissing Narrator again, her hands sliding down to his chest while still keeping him pressed against the wall. The first kiss turns into making out, occasionally breaking for a breath before kissing again. After several kisses, Listener asks a breathless Narrator if this is what he had in mind when he said he wanted Listener to ‘ruin him.’*

*Breathless* “No- No, this is so much better. Holy hell, I could never have imagined anything feeling this good. Your hands on my chest, how close you’re standing to me, your lips against mine. I didn’t even get close to how amazing this is. You are so much better in real life than my mind could have let me imagine. Could you, you know-”

*Before Narrator even gets a chance to finish his question, Listener is kissing him again. They kiss several more times before pulling away.*

*Slightly out of breath, but very happy* “Hey, so I know I said that I’d just ask you to make out with me this one time, but can I ask you a different question? Because I’d be an absolute idiot if I didn’t shoot my shot and ask you out to dinner right now.”

*Listener responds that yes, she’ll go on a date with Narrator.*

“Aw, hell yeah! I was really hoping you’d say yes! I was really worried you wouldn’t because of how I just walked right up to you and begged you to make out with me.”

*Listener laughs, telling him that she thought his begging was cute.*

“Hey, if you thought the begging was cute, then I’m glad I did it. Hell, I’ll beg for you any time you want.”

(Pause)

“Well, if that’s the case, then can I please, please, please have another kiss? Please? I promise I won’t ask for more than that.”

*Listener (more or less gently) grabs Narrator by the collar of his shirt and drags him into another kiss.*

*Breathless* “Wow. Yeah. That was- That was perfect. I am never, ever going to get tired of that.”

*Narrator laughs as he sheepishly runs a hand through his hair.*

“So, do you want to go get dinner tonight, then? You probably have a few more classes to go to after this, and I have to go shower before my math class, so how about we meet up around six-thirty, near the first floor commons? Does that sound good?”

*Listener responds that it does.*

“Perfect, it’s a date! I’ll see you then! Oh wait, actually, can I have one more kiss? You know, for the road? Just to tide me over until I see you again? Pretty please?”

*Listener gives Narrator a final quick kiss before telling Narrator that she needs to go to her next class but she’ll see him again later.*

*Flirty/joking* “Aw, I don’t want you to go! I miss you being so close to me already! But I guess I’ll be okay, since I have your kisses to keep me warm. I’ll see you later, my beautiful little brainiac. Have fun in class, I can’t wait for our date!”#Addressing audience now
 
[Lighthearted and Confident] Hello, ladies and gentlemen! Thank you all for coming today, I know we're not the only defense technology expo scheduled today, which is weird, right? Like what are the chances? So I appreciate you all coming to this one despite the competition. 
 
Now before I showcase the next weapon on our agenda today, I'd like to ask you all a question. Are you comfortable? Are you in a nice position in those seats? Because you're going to be like that for a while. Because, what I have right here, is the next weapon for today. The mass paralysis ray. And all of you are going to be the subjects of today's demonstration. 
 
#https://www.zapsplat.com/music/frequency-modulation-buzzing-tractor-beam/
*Mass Paralysis Ray Sci-fi Firing Sound*
 
Man I love that sound. 
 
Oh, but I'm so sorry, I never introduced myself! Now some of you might have recognized me by now, and I appreciate it if you have, truly. But I am your friendly neighborhood supervillain! The one, the only! Skullface! Though I'm hoping to branch out a bit, go a bit more international, expand past just the local neighborhood. You've gotta dream big after all! That's what this is about, actually. 
 
I've gotta say though, I'm a bit disappointed in all of you. You know you would think a defense technology expo like this one where they show off all the fancy new weapons would have better security, right? But it was so easy to get in! You know I infiltrated basically all the security guard positions, right? Look around you. Well I guess you're paralyzed so you can't. But the point is all I had to do was have my henchmen sign up. But I guess that's what happens when you pay your security pennies. You'll take anyone who isn't doing it for the pay, which let me tell you, is no one. Reap what you sow, idiots. 
 
[Offhanded to self] Jeez, all this villainy is making me hungry. 
 
#Addressing Henchman
 
[Lighthearted and Confident] Hey, Melody/Nathan! Could you be a dear and get me one of the hotdogs from the stand?
 
*Short Pause*
 
[Happy] Thank you, Melody/Nathan. Happy birthday by the way. Yeah you know I'd never forget. Oh, and you were light on the mustard with this one! Just like I like it. You always have so much attention to detail. That doesn't go unnoticed, I really appreciate it. Hope your kids are doing alright by the way. Now off you go now, gotta get back to pointing your gun at the audience. 
 
[Offhanded to self]  I've gotta say food tastes so much better when you steal it. Good thing I do it a lot!
 
#Addressing Audience
 
[Lighthearted and Confident] Now where was I? Oh right, you guys in the audience are all idiots. But not you henchmen, you're not part of the audience... you guys... you guys are great! 
 
And of course there is just one exception in the audience. There's exactly one person in the audience here, who is not a complete idiot. They're actually the star of the show here. An unappreciated genius. 
 
Could the scientist who designed this gun please step forward? Come on, I know you're here.
 
That was a little joke. I know you're paralyzed and can't move. 
 
Now lets see... Where's the single target un-paralyze setting on this thing? Oh! It's right here! The design on this gun is so intuitive. You're a damn legend at what you do. 
 
https://www.zapsplat.com/music/frequency-modulation-buzzing-tractor-beam/
*Mass Paralysis Ray Sci-fi Firing Sound*
 
#Addressing Listener
 
There we go. Come on, you can move now! Feel for yourself. Stretch a bit if you want. And then come up on stage with me. It's alright. You're safe with me, I'm not going to hurt you. I'd never hurt you. You're the superstar here. Today... Today is all about you! 
 
*Short Pause* 
 
[Admiring] There we go. Now, before I say anything, I just want to say thank you. Thank you. Because I might be a villain... But you... You are my hero! And I mean that in like a good way not that you're a super hero who always foils my plans. And I want to say that I love you. 
 
[Flustered] You know, just because you design weapons and you're really inspirational and I appreciate the work that you do!
 
[Serious] Now I know what you might be thinking. You only designed the blueprint here. You never got the materials or actually made this weapon a reality. But let me explain. 
 
[Slightly Flustered] I've... I've been watching you for a very long time. You know, just for like... supervillain reasons! Because you design weapons. 
 
(Whispers to self) I mean I was stalking you from since long before you started designing weapons, but hey happy little accidents.(Whispers to self)
 
[Serious] And I was going through your trash one day, just for supervillain reasons, like I said. And that's where I found the blueprints for this ray. And I also found your rejection letters from all the defense contractors who laughed at you, and said the design was impossible and didn't make sense. 
 
They didn't understand what a genius you are. But I understand. You're the most brilliant mind of our generation. I really want to get into your bed.
 
[Flustered] I mean your head! I want to get into your head! Because you have so many great ideas.
 
*Clear Throat*
 
But anyway, I took the design, and I made it a reality. 
 
[Serious] It feels good, right? To see your dream become a reality? And I know this gun is your dream. Because I was watching you. I watched you put your sweat and tears and soul into this design. Toiling over every last formula. I saw you labor for hours upon hours, sacrificing all of your sleep. Chugging energy drink after energy drink just to stay awake.
 
[Offhanded] You might want to cut back on those drinks, though. It's bad for your kidneys and our little superstar has to stay healthy. 
 
[Serious] But I saw how much effort and pain and SACRIFICE you put into this design. And I know how all those unappreciative defense contractors stepped all over your work and dreams. Look at them, they're right here in the audience. You see them, right? You see their expressions? Frozen in fear? They're so DAMN SCARED of the design they were laughing at not too long ago. 
 
I know you must have felt so powerless. You must have felt so hurt and betrayed and POWERLESS when you did EVERYTHING right. YOU DID EVERYTHING RIGHT. And still none of it mattered. None of those unappreciative contractors would even give you the time of day. 
 
[Soft] But I appreciate you. And you don't have to be powerless. I want to give you power. That's what this is all about. I can't stand to see a person as brilliant and precious as you be powerless. That's why I want you to work for me. 
 
[Serious] Look at the audience. These are all the people that wronged you. If they could move they would be shaking. If they could speak they'd be screaming. But you're different. You can still move. You could do whatever you wanted to them and they wouldn't be able to do a thing. It feels good, right? It makes you feel powerful, right? Work with me, and you can feel like this ALL THE TIME. 
 
Look at them. You're the one with the gun here. And I'm not just talking about your paralysis ray. Because you know... I've got a real gun with me. And if you wanted... well... I could hand it over to you. I trust you. Because I understand you. And if you wanted to do something with that gun, well... I wouldn't stop you. 
 
But it's all up to you. I'm not gonna force your hand or force you to get revenge. Relationships are based on respect. 
 
[Flustered] Aw jeez, that makes it sound like we're dating! And we're not, right? 
 
(Whispers to self) [Offhanded] I mean not yet (/Whispers to self)
 
[Flustered] Wait are we dating? Right, we're not! I get that! Because I respect you!
 
[Serious] Sorry, but what I meant to say is I respect you professionally. I respect your intelligence and I love your hair.
 
[Flustered] I mean your flair! I love your flair! You've got a lot of aptitude with what you do! Not that I love your hair. I mean I do love your hair though, it's really nice, especially after you switched shampoos a while ago, you even made me switch over and I love how my hair smells like yours now.
 
Wait, shit. Did I say that out loud? Ignore that. Ignore that. Forget I said anything.
 
*Clears Throat*
 
[Happy and Laid-back] But anyway! You should really work for me! We'd love to have you in the family. We've got movie nights but it's not mandatory.
 
And I pay well. Believe me, I can make you filthy stinking rich. Work for me and you'll have more money than you'll know what to do with. You'll have more green than the Amazon. You'll have to rent out warehouses just to hold all your money. 
 
[Offhanded] Well, not really we have our own bank system so we'll handle that. 
 
[Happy and Laid-back]  But you get the idea! I will pay you a stupidly large amount of money. 
 
(Whispers to self) And I can pay you in other ways too (/Whispers to self) 
 
And hey! We've got great health plans, too.
 
#Addressing Henchman
 
Melody/Nathan! Care to tell our superstar here how great your dental is?
 
*Short Pause*
 
#Addressing Listener
 
She/he's a little shy. But hey, we all have our strengths and weaknesses. We're a team. And we'd love to have you on it. So what do you say? Wanna get together?
 
[Flustered] You know, just as in joining my business! Not like a romantic relationship. That would be inappropriate, right!?
 
*Short Pause*
 
[Hopeful] Unless?[muffled voice from behind a door] 

Sweetheart? You in there? 

[trying to open door]

Make a noise. Tell me where you are. 

Oh thank God . . . the door is stuck, okay? Give me a second . . . 

[door breaks]

[running steps] 

Hey, hey, I’m here, I’m here, look at me, sweetheart look at me. 

There’s so much blood, oh my god, hey, there you are. Easy, easy. I’m here. I told you I was coming, right? I’m sorry I’m late. 

[untying rope] 

Look at me, focus on me, what happened? What did they do to you? 

Wolfsbane? Shit. Where? 

Injected you with it? 

Whoa, whoa, stay awake, stay with me. We gotta get the wolfsbane out of your system. Hold on, I need to get to call for some help, okay? 

[phone dialing] 

Lydia? 

I’ve got [her/him]. But [he/she] is in rough shape. 

Wolfsbane IV. 

It’s bad, Lydia. How do I get it out of [his/her] system? 

Uh . . . I don’t know. I don’t see anything. 

Wait, yeah, the IV pole is here. 

No, they’re gone. I cleared out the last stragglers. 

Saline? Uh, yeah, yeah there’s a bag. 

I’ve never run one before, no. 

Okay. Let me put you on speaker. 

[putting phone down] 

Lyd? 

Yeah, I hear you. 

I got it. How do I find a vein? 

Sweetheart? Wake up, wake up now, there you are, hi. Listen, Lydia is on the line. She’s gonna help me patch you up, okay? 

No, no, don’t move. I need to get some fluids in you, all right? Got to flush the wolfsbane out. 

I know, you hate needles, but baby, I’ve got to do it. I’m not letting you die on me, okay? Not happening. 

Yeah, it’s in, Lyd. How do I make sure the fluid is running? 

Right. Okay. 

Sweetheart? 

[tapping cheeks] There you are. I know, you’re tired, but you gotta hang on for a bit longer. No nap time right now, okay? 

I know, I know, you can be upset with me later, all right? 

How long will this take, Lydia? 

Okay. All right. 

Look at me. There you are. 

Of course I came. You think some werewolf hunters could stop me? They just delayed me a bit. 

No, no, none of that nonsense.

You are not a monster. You’re not. You’re a werewolf, yeah, but that doesn’t make you inherently evil. 

No, it doesn’t. 

Because my [boyfriend/girlfriend], the one who surprises me with breakfast in bed, the one who buys me flowers just because, isn’t a monster. 

No. You’re not. 

The hunters don’t know you. They think they do, but they’re wrong. They are so fucking wrong. 

I love you too. So much. 

No, none of this farewell crap. You’re gonna be fine. 

Hey. I mean it. You are going to be fine. We’ll get you fixed up. Get you out of here and then, get you home. 

Yeah, of course. Whatever you want. Just stay with me. 

Lydia, she’s fading out. What do I do? 

I’ve got it running as fast as it will go. 

Right. Okay. Let me check. 

[looking through drawers] 

No. Not here. 

Come on, where is it? 

[coming back to listener] 

Got it. It’s red, right? 

All right. 

Sweetheart, you need to drink this. 

I know, you can sleep later, but right now, you need to drink this. It will make you feel better. 

Don’t go limp on me, no, no, hey, eyes open. Shit! 

[VA drinks liquid and then kisses listener] 

. . . sweetheart? 

Lydia, [he/she’s] not moving. 

What do I do, [he/she’s] not–! Don’t do this to me. Don’t leave me. No, no, please just come back! 

[He/She’s] not breathing, Lydia. I need some help! 

Five minutes is five too many! 

Come back to me, please. 

[doing CPR] 

1, 2, 3, 4, 5–

–there’s a pulse! Thank god. 

Lydia, give me something! 

I’ve never cast that before. I don’t know–

–okay, okay. Just tell me what to do! 

[magic sound]

It worked but . . . [he/she’s] still not waking up. 

How far are they? 

Fuck. 

Come on, come back to me. Don’t leave me like this. 

[distant sirens] 

I hear them, Lyd. Can I trust them? 

Good. 

[running steps as paramedics enter] 

It’s wolfsbane poisoning. [He/She’s] flatlined once. I did CPR. 

It’s okay. I’m right here. I’m right here with you. 

[transition to hospital sounds] 

They said they flushed it from [his/her] system but . . . [sighing] 

I know. But if I hadn’t been so stupid. 

I left [him/her] there. When I knew there were hunters in town! I left and now–

–fuck, Lydia. If [he/she] dies, I’ll never forgive myself. 

Just find them, Lydia. Find them so I can end them myself. 

[phone hanging up]

[silence for a bit] 

. . . you must be loving this, huh? You always said you never got enough sleep. Here you are. Napping. At least . . . I would rather call it napping. Their word for it . . . well, you know me, ever the optimist. 

I have to be because if I lose you, I’m not gonna make it. And I’m not just saying that. I feel it. Deep within my soul. This bond we have . . . this connection . . . it’s alway been comforting to me. I remember when we first started dating and you’d be a few hours away, I used to miss you so much. But I could feel your presence. Warm. Comforting. Safe. 

But it’s cold right now. I can’t feel you. And that scares the shit out of me. The last time I felt like this was before I met you. I was drifting. Angry. Looking for revenge. Never planning to fall in love with anyone, let alone a werewolf. 

And then I saw you. Kneeling in mud by the lake, helping get a duckling out of plastic. It was quacking at you and you were just talking back. All of the sudden, my life just clicked. The picture shifted into focus. Everything was clearer. Brighter. Better. 

Because of you. 

I knew what you were. I’m the kid of hunters. I figured it out. But I just didn’t care. So what if you became a wolf once a month? You didn’t hurt anyone. You chained yourself up. You planted wolfsbane to keep you from leaving the house, even though it gives you headaches. That’s not what a monster does. 

Because you’re not a monster. 

My whole life, I was trained to kill creatures. Protect the innocent. But you are innocent. And I . . . I was supposed to protect you. I failed. When you needed me, I wasn’t there. I should’ve been. I’m sorry. 

When you get out of here, we’re gonna go on a trip, just you and me. To the beach. We can go swimming. I know how much you like the fresh sea breeze. It will be nice. Or maybe we can go to a carnival or something. Look at the stars on the ferris wheel. 

I don’t really care what we do, long as you’re there with me. Sappy, I know. 

I’m gonna find the bastards that did this to you. Gonna make them suffer more pain than they put you through. I know you don’t like revenge, but . . . if I don’t handle them, they’ll just keep coming after you. I can’t let that happen. I won’t. 

So, you take your time. You rest. As much as you need to. Just come back to me, okay? Show me that bright smile of yours. 

Because I’m lost without it, sweetheart. 

I’m not going anywhere. I’ll wait. When you’re ready, come back. I’ll be here.
